umm the california was a cargo ship i dont care what the article says .	the california was a cargo ship .	4
how can i prepare this old exterior wall for painting ?	how do i prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint ?	4
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing guitar .	5.000
`` it was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .	state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .	4.000
this does not fully answer your question , but it is certainly one consideration .	i am a phd student in computational science , which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics , computer science , and engineerning .	0.00
a longed-haired cat with it 's eyes closed .	a close up of a cat with its eyes closed .	3.6
the venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in russia and ukraine .	tnk-bp has six oil producing units , five refineries and 2,100 filling stations .	3.000
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we are pleased with proposed arrangements in this respect by the committee preparatory and decided by the general assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organizations , with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of september 2001 .	4.250
paul themba nyathi , an mdc spokesman , said the avenues clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .	mdc spokesperson paul themba nyathi said the avenues clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .	4.600
a young woman is playing the flute .	a woman is washing off the top of a freezer .	0.000
a man is hugging someone .	a man is taking a picture .	0.400
during a period of nearly a decade , telemarketing associates raised more than $ 7 million .	telemarketing associates , hired by vietnow , raised $ 7.1 million from 1987 to 1995 .	3.600
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .	the key is that when interest rates are falling , the values of the active .	2.750
6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : usgs	6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : us geological survey	4.8
could it be good ? sounds intriguing ... abc to look at 'star wars ' live-action tv series -	abc to look at 'star wars ' live-action series	4
a man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top .	man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain .	2.8
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.60
wtf india ? ! ! this has got to stop .	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	0.8
a woman is tapping her fingers on a table .	a woman is tapping her fingers .	4.000
a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid .	the woman is pencilling on eye shadow .	4.000
. what is your definition of `` life force '' ?	what is your definition of `` soul '' ?	3.6
a woman is feeding a baby .	a man is adding water to pan .	0.000
oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition	oppose , as in hostility or a competition .	4.000
two dead , more trapped in latest mumbai building collapse	two are trapped as us building collapses	1.20
teenager in china kills 8 , wounds 5 in knife attack	teenager kills 8 in knife attack	3.2
mediaq 's customers include major handheld makers mitsubishi , siemens , palm , sharp , philips , dell and sony .	nvidia will take advantage of mediaq customers , which include such players as siemens ag , sharp , philips , dell , mitsubishi and sony corp .	3.000
the large brown and white dog is running through the snow .	st. bernard dog running in the snowy field .	4.00
a person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by .	a man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot .	3
i think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist .	i think it 's going to depend on what the reasons are .	2.60
the usa is the world 's strongest country because of its military force .	the united states is one of the five largest countries in the world by area .	2.00
there is no more egg cell post-fertilization .	there is no more sperm cell .	2.4
given that the amount of shedding is normal , i do n't think there 's anything you can do to lessen it .	to reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush .	2.00
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic rose 39.39 points , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after losing more than 2 percent on tuesday .	the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji jumped 194.14 points , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier .	1.750
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mister the president , i am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector .	4.000
following # colorado # marijuana legal decisions closely . maybe some lessons for ca dispensaries mess	op-ed columnist : colorado ? s marijuana muddle	2
a collection of something , often a large amount	a collection of things sharing a common attribute .	2.4
a woman is eating something .	a woman is eating meat .	3.000
wave of attacks kills at least 95 in iraq	suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern iraq	1.80
palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in prague	palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast	4.00
terminal has the same electrical state	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.60
make impure ; make radioactive	make impure .	3.250
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something .	4.750
# revolution hits the # universities by # distance # education # sustainability	op-ed columnist : revolution hits the universities	3.6
death toll rises to 6 as storm xaver batters northern europe	storm death toll rises as wind , rain batters north . europe	3.2
it 's not a good idea .	it is not a good idea .	5
a man riding a white horse .	a woman leading a white horse .	1.8
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	since 1996 , the european parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had been listened to .	4.200
two women posing with a baby .	a woman poses with a baby .	2.2
no , not mr , i am spanish but i have lived here thinking two years .	most of the time , i have no idea what i eat exactly here in japan .	0
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which , in their turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level .	5.000
it is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken .	bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken .	4.40
man convicted in vatican leaks case	butler to be tried in `` vatileaks '' case	2.6
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i belong to the members who are present rather honourably .	4.250
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
more than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in mediterranean	over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in mediterranean	3
( attempt to ) convince to enroll , join or participate	register formally as a participant or member .	2.8
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a lagrou cold storage warehouse in chicago .	the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in chicago .	1.800
the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine .	the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps .	2.00
world awaits oprah 's armstrong interview not me i 'm not watching	world awaits oprah 's lance armstrong interview - but will it change anything ?	3.6
the collar workers continue to queue to buy their sandwich matinier merchants to happen , and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h in the week .	the office workers continue to queue to buy their morning sandwich from mobile stalls , and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h during the week .	4
n.r . mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india 's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft .	mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force .	3.4
headlines in major iranian newspapers on dec 30	headlines in major iranian newspapers on july 6	2.20
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the primary objective and the secondary objectives , will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the commission .	4.800
a man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .	a man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand .	1.80
francis begins papacy with prayer	pope francis slips out of vatican for prayers	3.6
a cat is jumping into a box .	a young man is talking to a leaf .	0.000
rss and reddit co-developper aaron swartz commits suicide	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide	3.4
israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	israel approves new settlement homes ahead of peace talks	4.80
rosenthal declined comment on the garrett situation tuesday but said in a statement : `` we had a big contract negotiation .	the show 's creator and executive producer , phil rosenthal , quipped in a statement : `` we had a big contract negotiation .	3.750
the compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it .	the exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry .	3.533
an objective or goal	the goal intended to be attained ( and which is believed to be attainable ) .	3.500
israel threatens action against gaza aid ship	israel attacks in gaza strip after rocket fire	1.6
it is all bush 's fault .	obama is bush 's fault .	1.2
( cause to ) return after being refused	come back after being refused .	4.750
if the path is not closed , the switch will not affect the bbulb	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	3.80
capital gains , top rate : percent .	- income , top rate : percent .	2.8
nick markakis , a left-hander from young harris junior college in georgia , went to the orioles with the seventh pick .	next , baltimore took nick markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from young harris junior college in georgia .	3.800
a woman is slicing an onion .	a woman is cutting an onion .	4.200
how to judge the quality of my own paper ?	how can i assess the quality of a paper outside my field ?	2
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected .	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected	5.00
syrian journalists killed in capital	us marines killed in base attack	0.6
yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	female suicide bomber kills 16 at russian station	2
four people rowing down a river .	four people row a canoe in water .	4
the act of directing attention , resources to something	the act of colliding with something .	0.2
calorie bomb disasters on the menu	9 calorie bombs at restaurants	3
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is a delivery is still seen in the european community from a third country .	3.500
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .	4.571
a black dog is running through the snow .	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt .	2.20
the driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , supoyo said .	but police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning .	4.000
two dogs are running in a grassy field	two dogs running through a grassy field .	5.00
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	it did not exist either qualified majority in this parliament to return to article 272 .	4.750
north korea 's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status	nato says north korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace	2.2
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i ask you , on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both brittany that marín , city of galicia , where are from most of the victims .	4.800
because they 're not shameful liberal media race-baiters .	because he is n't a leader , he is a perpetual campaigner and chief .	0.80
secret service sees its 'biggest scandal ' over prostitutes	secret service sex scandal 'regret '	2.2
egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	egyptians go to polls in historic election	4
this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter .	( chemistry ) the three traditional states of matter are solids ( fixed shape and volume ) and liquids ( fixed volume and shaped by the container ) and gases ( filling the container ) ;	1.2
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.667
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	that has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones .	4.000
militant attack from afghanistan kills four in upper dir	militant attack from afghanistan kills fc soldier in balochistan	3
can complete the path by having z be closed	there is a path containing a , c , z and x	1.00
a merrill lynch spokesman said `` we are pleased with the judge 's decision . ''	`` we are very pleased with the judge 's decision , '' merrill said yesterday .	4.400
that 's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore .	that 's what laffer was saying and that 's what you are choosing to ignore .	2.40
an open motorboat used for transport	a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck .	2.250
the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something .	4.4
the state of having options , alternatives	the act of admitting someone to enter .	0
the act of turning , rotating an object	the trait of wasting resources .	0.4
among three major candidates , schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters .	schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than bustamante .	3.400
a dark brown horse standing in a field .	horse standing in a field .	3.6
so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?	gl , terral hi corn : so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?	4.2
a woman at the dining table with wine , beer , and lemons .	four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .	1.4
`` : breaking : 250 killed , 200 more injured in brazil nightclub inferno. `` crazy	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3
two boys are jumping into a pool .	two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .	4.20
yes , but it does not stay in the same constellation .	constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky .	1.40
that 's what i believe .	yes , i believe it 's a good idea .	2
i have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons .	i think keltari has some good ideas ... . a cat can change its `` taste '' in litter material .	2.60
westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in nairobi	westgate attackers spent four months planning in nairobi , says official	4.60
bulb a creates a gap	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	1.80
salivating ! ? : exotic culinary tours from around world ?	exotic culinary tours around the world	4.4
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it 's up to you what you want to do next .	4
the act of giving up a claim , office , or possession .	the act of giving up ( a claim or office or possession etc . ) .	4.8
the low person bit pissed me off , but the prose that followed was so good !	then i found others that countered what she said .	0.00
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to make the defence of workers in this sector .	4.000
a lid or top of a container	covering for a hole ( especially a hole in the top of a container ) .	3.8
a red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow .	five birds stand on the snow .	2.8
u.s. soldier killed in shooting incident in s. afghanistan	five nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	1.6
rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race .	3.8
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something .	0
( applause )	i already answered on this point and i subscribe completely so that he said on the need for improving the public debate considerably . i will not return on what i said , but it is true that , too often , the citizens feel foreign with decisions which are made in authorities that they do not know .	0.000
global progress seen in ending death penalty	iran diplomat : progress being made in expert-level talks	0.00
soccer ref punched by player dies	police : utah soccer referee punched by player dies	4.20
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of colliding with something .	1
a woman is riding an elephant .	a man is lifting himself .	0.000
the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks .	the white train is sitting on the tracks .	2.25
japanese planes flew into china 's new defense zone	japan , s korean military planes defy china 's new defence zone	4
thai political protests paralyse more ministries	thai protesters besiege more ministries	4.2
and that doesn ’ t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama ’ s economic oppression .	and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession .	0.20
there is , however , no photo of peter hollingworth in the june issue examined by the herald yesterday .	there is , however , no photograph of dr hollingworth in the june issue of the magazine examined by the age yesterday .	3.000
but they don ’ t realize that until it ’ s too late ( of course ) because they ’ re potential victims in a horror movie .	but they do n't realize that until it 's too late ( of course ) because they 're potential victims .	3.667
north , south korea agree to talks	north , south korea hold rare talks	3.8
a man is cycling .	a boy is riding a bicycle .	2.500
there will be a gap at bulb b , thus affecting the rest of the circuit	bulb b creates a gap	4.00
a person is peeling shrimp .	a man is peeling shrimp .	3.800
cause to become awake or alert	cause to be alert and energetic .	4
the american express corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .	the city had requested federal funds , but withdrew that request when american express pledged at least $ 3 million .	3.200
they passed through the lemelson medical , educational and research foundation limited partnership in 2001 to syndia .	it said the patents were `` allegedly '' assigned to syndia in 2001 through the lemelson medical , educational and research foundation limited partnership .	2.400
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	this is of such a development that i hope the other member states of the european union .	4.000
because of the gap at bulb b	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.40
plane in mid-flight at sunset .	a plane flying near the sunset .	3.8
the case comes out of illinois and involves a for-profit company called telemarketing associates inc .	the case decided monday centered around an illinois fund-raiser , telemarketing associates .	4.400
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we know the position of the commission on public access to documents in the internal manual , which was submitted on 11 october , the commission 's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by members as regards access to documents .	4.400
nigeria admits slow response in ebola case	us ramps up response to ebola crisis	1
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something .	0.4
50th anniversary of jfk 's death remembered	on 50th anniversary of jfk death , dallas holds its first memorial	4
it is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .	a possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .	2
a man is playing a guitar .	someone is handling a bun .	0.000
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance .	1.2
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	if bulb a burns out , bulbs b and c are still in a closed path	1.00
a close up head of an ostrich .	a close up of an ostrich face .	4.4
at cpac , mitt romney stresses conservative credentials	cpac 2012 : mitt romney struggles to connect with conservative base	3.2
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment .	4.250
yemen suicide blast , drone attack kill at least 30	spate of iraq attacks kill at least six	1
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that -- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii .	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its	4.2
egyptian court bans muslim brotherhood	egypt court bans muslim brotherhood 'activities '	3.8
if bulb b is damaged , then the circut is no longer closed .	there is no closed path	1.40
`` i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , '' said junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase .	junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase , said `` i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply . ''	4.733
a girl wearing green twists something in her hands .	a young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .	0.80
but they were necessary .	but they were necessary .	5.000
a man is cutting up a potato .	a man is cutting up carrots .	2.375
there will be a gap in the path	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	1.60
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you believe that the austrian model `` ’ – namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the european institutions and start a new institution , or a new group , to get round the unanimity rule in the council ?	4.600
run aground -- ( cause to ) come to the ground	cause to come to the ground .	4.6
the retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .	the decision came after `` listening to our customers and associates , '' melissa berryhill , a spokeswoman for wal-mart , said .	3.200
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member .	4.6
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summarized in two words : the power of the people on the tape .	4.000
u.s. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on internet fraud and abuse .	more than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an internet fraud sweep announced friday by three u.s. government agencies .	4.600
so the same rule applies with keywords and indeed longer phrases .	single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .	3
european markets rise on greek bailout hopes	european ministers are poised to approve greek rescue	2.2
a woman is peeling an onion .	the woman is slicing green onions .	3.250
south african icon nelson mandela hospitalized	south africa 's nelson mandela hospitalized	5
people who are impoverished , without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other .	0
a group of people are standing by a window watching something .	a group of people stand and wait to see something .	3.40
the american stock exchange biotech index .btk surged 5 percent .	the philadelphia stock exchange 's semiconductor index .soxx jumped 6.10 percent .	1.400
palestinian president receives jordanian foreign minister	palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls	0.00
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction , which the european parliament is not a long time ago .	3.600
assad meets with red cross officials in syria	assad makes red cross pledge	2
hollande wins french presidential election	east timor votes in presidential election	1.6
how should i store eggs in the refrigerator ?	how long can i store cooked rice in the refrigerator ?	1
islamist morsi wins egypt 's presidential election	al-shater to run in presidential election in egypt	1
kevin rudd sworn in as australian prime minister	rudd sworn in as australia 's new prime minister	5.00
russia praises idea to render rights assistance to ukraine	russia detains suspected islamist militants in moscow raid	0.40
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
suicide bomber kills eight , wounds 13 in afghan capital - police	suicide bomb kills 4 in syrian capital 's old city	0.80
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of projecting out from something .	3.8
pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical	pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical	5
the black and brown cow is looking at the camera .	the black and white bull is looking at the camera .	3.6
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	to be muslim and islamiste are two different things .	5.000
cause to match ( ideas or acts ) ; be compatible	cause to match , as of ideas or acts .	4.2
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	mrs maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	4.750
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .	a person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .	1.40
a monkey is playing drums .	a gorilla plays the drums .	2.800
there are no precise figures : we are talking about 50 000 people who make their way through the alps and drown themselves in tankards of beer.10 percent of visitors would have specially come from italy this weekend .	there is no precise figures ; we talk about 50 000 who are under way through the alps and collapse in the newsstand to beer , 10 percent of visitors would express come to italy this weekend .	4
a close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .	a close-up of a horse .	1.2
a part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious .	`` phoneme '' is a theoretical construct which probably ca n't go away .	1.60
to achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .	terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .	0
a man is climbing a rope .	a man climbs up a rope .	5.000
bulbs a and c are not contained in the same closed path .	a and c are not in the same path	4.00
muslim brotherhood banned in egypt	military holds upper hand in egypt	1.20
i have found there is no single best way to increase size .	there are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web .	2.60
the electrical state is broken .	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	1
what is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words ?	what is the difference between portamento and glissando ?	0
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .	ooo strike two those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .	4.2
two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .	a group of people sitting around a table on a porch .	1
i think there is n't a general answer .	i do n't think there is an answer for this .	4
a guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .	three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .	0.00
other ways are needed .	we must find other ways .	4.400
syrian opposition offers assad truce in homs for duration of ramadan	syrian opposition offers assad 's forces truce for duration of ramadan	4.60
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the most urgent task , which is , however , has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public .	4.400
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use .	1
bomb explodes at greek shopping mall , two people injured	bomb explodes at athens shopping mall , 2 wounded	4.4
• p ( a|b ) is the conditional probability of a , given b .	• p ( b|a ) is the conditional probability of b given a .	3
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity .	4.6
because of the gap in bulb b	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap	1.33
a green car parked at a saloon .	a green car parked outside the saloon .	5
in addition , it offered the united states and israel a way to work around mr. arafat .	when the prime minister 's position was established in the spring , it offered the united states and israel a way to work around arafat .	3.600
distribute systematically or strategically ; initiate .	to distribute systematically or strategically .	5
a boy is playing the violin onstage .	a boy is playing an instrument .	2.800
us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met	us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met	5
syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	uk 's cameron : syria , russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine	2
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources .	0.4
the udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building .	a cows ass and some buildings	1.2929
space legend neil armstrong dies	first man on moon neil armstrong dies at 82	4
a woman is taking a picture .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.250
thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by wednesday evening , said daniel bogden , u.s. attorney in nevada .	thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , us attorney daniel bogden said yesterday .	3.000
a couple are running towards the ocean .	a man and and woman are running together , holding hands .	2.818
the intelligent car imitates the flight of a bumblebee	the intelligent car theft of bourdon emulating	1
firefly : 2015 is happening ... ... as a nasa mining vessel . # fireflyreturnskinda	'fireflies ' to scope out space rocks for mining	2.2
murder claim over diana 's death new information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of princess diana and dodi fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered	diana and fayed death info received new the deaths of princess diana and dodi al fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information .	3.5
a concern or affair	some situation or event that is thought about .	4.500
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea .	4.200
i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights into the eventual treaty of nice .	i have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights in the future treaty to be adopted in nice .	5.000
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	if bulb a burns out , bulbs b and c are still in a closed path	2.80
mr sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on saturday .	he said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids friday night .	4.000
abbas told the summit he would end the `` armed intefadeh , '' renounced `` terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be '' and alluded to the disarming of militants .	at wednesday 's summit , abbas pledged to end the `` armed intefadeh , '' renounced `` terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be '' and alluded to the disarming of militants .	4.200
us senator mccain meets opposition leaders in ukraine	sfg meeting reviews situation in mali	0.2
( cause to ) fall or subside to a lower place , level , or value	fall or descend to a lower place or level .	4.2
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad boards in an adventure , then .	3.500
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	at the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	4.250
nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9/11 .	i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11 .	3.40
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this mistake mistake is in the process of its political .	3.000
the methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .	the method is more effiecent than naive methods .	5
agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine .	no need to tell them at all .	1.67
nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	nigeria : university bombed in north	2.2
decide a specific time for an event	make a schedule ; plan the time and place for events .	4.000
'whitey ' bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years	mobster `` whitey '' bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years	3.6
sudan blames israel for khartoum arms fire	sudan accuses israel of airstrike on arms factory	3.6
it has its own path connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path	3.20
a static vertical layout , e.g . text or numbers	a vertical array of numbers or other information .	4.500
because it still caught the current from both terminals	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	1.00
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .	0.750
( cause to ) gradually become weak	cause to grow thin or weak .	4.2
stick out , jut out , protrude	extend out or project in space .	2.800
sony reports record annual loss	sony forecasts record annual loss of $ 6.4bn	3.6
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious .	2.2
a little girl is laughing at the camera .	a white cow with big ears looking into the camera .	0.2
because it opens the circuit , therefore the circuit is not closed	the path is not closed	3.60
a guy is taking off his sunglasses .	a boy is removing his sunglasses .	3.800
a woman is playing a guitar .	a man plays a guitar .	2.400
david gergen says obama 's 2nd inaugural will deepen division . # didn'tseeitcoming	was obama 's historic speech divisive ?	2.4
feel the strong need to eat	feel the need to eat .	4.500
38 taliban militants killed in afghanistan	taliban attacks us base in afghanistan	1.2
knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility .	it is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility .	4.400
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction .	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility .	4
a key question was whether france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. authorization for the war , would vote `` yes '' or abstain .	france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. approval for the war , also sought changes .	2.600
the definition of term is dependent on the application .	the definition of term depends on the application .	5
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .	essence , it is that when interest rates go up , the values of the credit fall .	4.750
portugal drownings : uk girl and grandad named	british girl and grandad drown in portugal	2.2
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	criticism , especially those of ireland and france , the chancellor of the exchequer has given a new interpretation : it is now a tax for all users , including the british lorry drivers .	4.200
there are a few things you can do :	there are a few things i think you should do .	3
the positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	3.00
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of testing something .	0.4
sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident , `` he said , there is a years , ty´den.cz .	sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident , '' he said , a year ago , to ty´den.cz .	4
two gray dogs run together over the green grass .	two grey dogs running in green grass .	4.60
closed connection between the bulb and the battery .	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	4.20
st. paul chairman and chief executive jay s. fishman , 51 , will be ceo of the combined company .	jay fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of st paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .	4.750
they were reserved for adults .	they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush .	0.00
quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off indonesia 's sumatra - usgs	earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off indonesia island	3
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	travel along a zigzag path .	3.8
what is this vocal technique called ?	what is this stucco-like finish called ?	0
the judge also refused to postpone the trial date of sept. 29 .	obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the sept. 29 trial date .	3.929
one of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .	one of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by salton , wong and yang .	3
an agent 's act of terminating an activity or event	the act of ending something .	4.000
there is no difference between the two terminals .	the terminals are in the same state .	4.40
finally armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4.2
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .	5.000
what could be causing water pressure to build up after changing my under sink filter ?	what could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin ?	2
the path does not close	the battery is in an open path	3.40
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
but do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters ?	i do n't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the titanic .	2.8
the note 's must reads for wednesday july 4 , 2012	the note 's must-reads for wednesday , may 30 , 2012	2
complain ; talk in a tearful manner .	talk in a tearful manner .	4.4
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .	a man and two boys jump on a trampoline .	4.60
the american conservatives are clearly in the minority within the episcopal church .	the letter indicates the vatican 's interest in bolstering conservatives within the episcopal church .	1.800
a yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .	a man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .	5.00
but they were necessary .	but they were necessary .	5.000
what is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?	what is the best way to clean a grater ?	0
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan 's government last week .	the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government 's lower house last week .	3.4
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a bamboo flute .	3.867
`` live by the sword ... `` sad and ironic . producer of popular gun-related videos shot	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	2.4
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security .	it is a serious threat to international security .	1.8
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	what it has done without initiative go very far .	4.750
it 's not a good idea .	it 's a good idea to do both .	1
biden calls for trust in us-china relations	biden calls for trust in building ‘ new relationship ’ with china	4.6
club or association of people with a shared interest	a formal association of people with similar interests .	4.4
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but returns which make american securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .	4.750
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman is slicing a tomato .	1.333
how the dow jones industrial average did wednesday	how the dow jones industrial average fared on monday	2
the note 's must-reads for monday , november 25 , 2013	the note 's must-reads for tuesday , october 8 , 2013	2.6
south africa prays for nelson mandela	south africa unites in prayer and song for nelson mandela	4.2
a brown duck and white duck stand on the grass .	brown and white ducks walking on green grass .	4.2
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing .	0.8
a woman is grating onion .	a woman grates onions .	5.000
'western ' forces attack islamic militant base in somalia	western powers scramble to befriend modi	1.00
un confirms sarin used in syria attack	'war crime ' : u.n. finds sarin used in syria chemical weapons attack	3.4
a man is playing the guitar .	the man played his guitar with a friend .	3.200
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.00
but white house spokesman ari fleischer said yesterday : `` the steps the iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-qa'ida are insufficient . ''	`` the steps that the iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-qaida are insufficient .	3.200
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	2.40
the lady chopped up the green onions .	the lady cut up a green onion .	4.800
single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .	the number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .	3
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	that is why i also believe that this reconciliation can have , however , the government , which has very courageously a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems , needs visible signs of success as well as strong support , otherwise the threatened peace in the region as a whole .	4.000
inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .	inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .	4
41 killed , 22 wounded in violent attacks in iraq	15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq	1.8
an unforseen development .	an unforeseen development .	5.000
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	things are not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures , which is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments .	4.400
it 's like being against hammers .	he 's not ranting against the troops .	0.00
because it creates a gap in the circuit .	a damaged bulb creates a gap	3.80
a woman is mincing some garlic .	a person is cleaning a disk .	0.000
a conceptual formulation ; a way of conceiving something .	a way of conceiving something .	4.000
a woman is slicing ginger .	a woman is cutting potatoes .	1.600
palestinian prisoners arrive at muqata in ramallah	pakistani prisoner assaulted in jammu jail	1.00
another migrant ship capsizes off italy	another migrant boat capsizes off italy , 27 dead	3.80
an developer develops a product , in some cases for a company .	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining ;	0.4
the foremost part of something	have flavor ; taste of something .	0
festive social event , celebration	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment .	4.250
the people who dwell in a camp	a group of people living together in a camp .	4.000
there is a damaged bulb	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	0.80
s.korea proposes 'final ' n.korea talks over kaesong	north korea proposes high-level talks with us	1
they are , indeed , free of the relatively high costs of construction , operation and maintenance the mobile network .	they are , indeed , free of the costs of construction , operation and maintains the mobile network , relatively high .	5
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	that is why i believe that this reconciliation can take . however , the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems , needs visible signs of success and a strong support , otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region .	4.800
three women are dancing .	the man is dancing .	1.600
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty of continue to support the latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people .	5.000
an imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short .	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection .	4.250
# java compromised take necessary action	critical java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	2.4
room with several computer monitors .	a room with four computer monitors in a row .	4
pass ( a thread ) through or into , on or as if on a string	thread on or as if on a string .	3.6
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .	4.2
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are idle , tired and disappointed .	5.000
a method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 dimensional trigonometry .	you only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation .	2.00
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .	2.4
costa 's semifinal opponent is spaniard juan carlos ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .	costa will play juan carlos ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .	3.750
obama urges restraint from israelis , palestinians	obama meets israeli , palestinian negotiators	1.80
two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut , 7 killed	blast near iran embassy in beirut	3.20
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really this trend .	4.500
how long is the life of a shot of espresso ?	what is the optimal length of time for pulling a shot of espresso ?	3
6 nato troops killed in afghanistan	nato soldier killed in afghanistan	2.2
us supreme court limits president 's recess appointments power	high court checks president 's recess appointment power	5
it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap	3.60
it will cost about $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment , comparable to other injected cancer therapies , a spokeswoman said .	it will cost about $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks .	3.500
provide evidence for ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes ; embody .	provide evidence for ; stand as proof of ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes .	4.8
appoint to clerical posts	appoint to a clerical posts .	5.000
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999 .	indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998 .	1.8
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking .	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking .	1.4
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation ;	3.2
kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey in march : report	kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey	4.2
it was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .	at the same time , in europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .	1
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal .	there is no gap between the terminals	1.60
icc lawyer detained in libya on security concerns	icc lawyer held in libya faces 45-day detention	3.4
the weakness exists in the way that vba looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .	the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft 's visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .	3.800
the cat is licking a bottle .	a cat plays with a small bottle .	2.333
a baby panda goes down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .	4.400
asian shares rally after string of upbeat data	asian markets up on strong us jobs data	4
firstly , you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes : the en dash and the em dash .	semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone , but are joined to emphasize their relationship .	0.60
fake or falsify ; control in a fraudulent manner .	manipulate in a fraudulent manner .	4.000
a tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .	a woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .	0.00
both are on the same side of the circuit	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	0.60
one witness told anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .	one witness told the anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .	4.600
a quantity that is an approximate calculation	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth .	4.000
string of iraq blasts kills at least 32	strong italy quake kills at least six	0
niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the old man would outlive him by many years .	in 1999 , two years before his death , mr. nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years .	3.000
us senate votes to advance iran nuclear review bill	us scientists praise iran nuclear deal	1
cause to be interested	attract ; cause to be enamored .	2.500
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we keep unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
there is still a closed path containing bulb b and c with the battery .	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	5.00
77 % of americans use search to find diagnosis . ? : turning to the web for a medical advice ?	well : turning to the web for a medical diagnosis	3.2
how do i remove paint from a wood floor ?	how do i remove paint from pipes ?	1
expect , predict , or forsee something in the future	make a prediction about ; tell in advance .	3.6
a man and a dog on rocks on a beach .	a man and dog on a rocky seashore .	4.60
hezbollah targets qaeda gathering along border with syria	belarus tightens security along the border with ukraine	0
a surrogate expression , utterance for a taboo word	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing .	1.500
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime .	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .	3.8
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	in fact , it is not absolutely certain that the definition of price that is proposed is better than another , because the different currently in the member states all fully .	3.800
a black and white dog runs through the water .	black and brown dog runs through field .	2.00
layover at narita for 3 hours . do i need a transit visa ?	layover at narita , japan . do i need a transit visa ?	4
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise `` .	4.500
pro-russians forces enter ukrainian naval base in crimea	crimean forces storm ukrainian navy headquarters	3.80
i can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures .	there have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage .	0.20
a man plays a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	5.000
the short answer is : we are made from the `` stuff '' contributed by many stars .	it is highly unlikely that we 're made out of stuff from only one star .	3.20
israel conducts airstrike on syria	israel launches new airstrike against syria	4.4
a man is playing a flute .	a woman is applying eye liner .	0.000
the one that has walks home afterwards and goes to sleep .	the one that has three walks home and beats his wife .	1.4
i am calling bs ! ! ! nytimes : morsi says his slurs of jews were taken out of context	morsi says slurs of jews were taken out of context	4.2
reason or establish by deduction	reason by deduction ; establish by deduction .	5.000
how to bake a chicken ?	how to truss a chicken ?	2
man held after subway attack in philadelphia	man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in philadelphia	3.6
the course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .	however , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .	0
one asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up .	two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .	3.4
this does n't answer your question , but :	this is a part answer to your question	1
the best thing you can do is to know your stuff .	the best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness .	0
north korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	n korea 'fires 100 shells ' into the sea	2.80
because it has another closed path it can use	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	1.60
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the book is in itself a sign of `` malaise .	5.000
( medicine ) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease .	( medicine ) the condition in which an organism can resist disease .	3.8
a woman is dancing .	the man is dancing .	2.600
red cross says negotiating halt to fighting in syria to take aid	red cross negotiating syria ceasefire to bring aid	4.4
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar of the approach of the approach adopted by the gender mainstreaming and guidelines .	3.200
japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy	japan thanks taiwan for quake aid	0.4
the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray .	gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray .	4.250
bulb b and c are still contained in a path with the battery	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.40
a man is riding a motorcycle .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.750
a vote , a public and legal choosing of officials	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office .	3.8
heavy fighting rocks eastern syria ahead of poll	heavy fighting rocks eastern syria - residents	3.8
make fit for a specific purpose	suit to a special purpose .	4.2
a man is playing guitar .	a man plays a guitar .	4.857
i guess because it is in the center .	bulb b is in a separate path	0.00
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other .	the terminals are not connected	2.40
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery .	b and c are in the same path with the battery	4.80
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	vis-a-vis criticisms , particularly those of ireland and france , the british chancellor of the exchequer gave a new interpretation of it : it would be now about a tax for all the users , including the british drivers of heavy lorries .	4.500
a cat stares into the camera .	a cat addresses the camera .	3.000
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded .	0
a man played the piano .	a man plays a piano .	4.000
a man is putting a pan into an oven .	a woman is cutting an onion .	0.600
the clowns are striking a pose for the camera .	a child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .	0.60
the university of michigan released today a new admissions policy after the u.s. supreme court struck down in june the way it previously admitted undergraduates .	the university of michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the u.s. supreme court in june .	4.200
a man is holding a leaf .	a woman is watching television .	0.000
a woman riding a brown horse .	person dressed in blue riding brown horse .	2.6
put down by force , intimidation , or authority , as of a person ; correct by punishment or discipline .	correct by punishment or discipline .	3.75
the state of being absent .	the state of being suspected .	0.6
what 's so wrong with researching it ? what we don ’ t know is killing us	editorial : what we don ? t know is killing us	3.8
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something .	0.6
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed .	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch z .	3.60
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances .	2.2
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment .	godzhayev and godzhayev 's lawyers were not immediately available to comment .	1
a person pours some rice pudding into a bowl .	the lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl .	4.000
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 .	there is no gap between terminals 1 and 4	0.80
france : we 're not the pacifists you think we are - mali	why france is not pacifist nation	4
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.000
engrave by means of dots .	engrave by means of dots and flicks .	3.8
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption .	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition	1.8
a man is driving a car .	a woman dips a shrimp in batter .	0.000
france hails breakthrough after u.s.-russia deal on syria weapons	france welcomes us-russia deal on syria	4
terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.60
some results are remarkable .	some results .	2.250
lawtey is not the first faith-based program in florida 's prison system .	but lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path .	1.250
a man is slicing an onion .	a man slices an onion .	5.000
mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .	however an object can not be cast to a class which is no relative of it .	0
death toll in syria now tops 100,000	death toll in syria over 100,000 so far	5
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gase to escape .	furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape .	5.000
iran currency falls further on u.s pressure over banks transactions	iran currency falls further on concerns over bank	3.6
most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .	for example , a program could exist to model different forms of transport .	0
israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic ' iran war	israeli ex-spy boss : no trust in leadership over iran – video	3
but they were necessary .	but they were necessary .	5.000
a man is swinging on a rope above the water .	a man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night .	1.60
except that it was n't .	except that they could n't .	1
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is linked to the country .	3.250
the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	1
a group of people standing outside of a building .	a large group of people have formed a line outside .	3.20
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	the uk labour members of the pse group welcome the favourable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing totally at all the details of this .	4.400
since there would be no `` spouse '' , employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse .	one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse .	1.00
freshen , to make fresh ; refreshen	become or make oneself fresh again .	3.6
syrian envoy to cyprus defects to qatar	syria deploys more troops despite peace deal	0.8
isaf soldier killed in afghan 'insider attack '	british soldier shot dead in afghan ‘ insider attack ’	4
you should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional .	it is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher .	0.80
taiwan coast guard launches new ships as south china sea tensions rise	chinese military reaches out amid south china sea tensions	2
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
a passenger train waiting in a station .	a passenger train waiting at the city train station .	4
a group of people appointed to a committee	a committee appointed to judge a competition .	2.6
`` the battery terminals don '' '' t connect without any devices ''	the battery is in an open path	1.80
a woman is slicing big pepper .	a dog is moving its mouth .	0.000
russia , china veto un resolution on syria	russia , china veto un resolution on syria killings	3.8
stocks to watch at close on monday	stocks to watch at close on thursday	3
the primary information-processing component of a computer , of a microprocessor chip	( computer science ) the part of a computer ( a microprocessor chip ) that does most of the data processing .	4.750
a young boy jumping into a lake .	the boy is jumping into a lake .	4.60
two goats standing in a field by a tree .	a large boat pulling a small white boat .	0
here are many samples : pbase.com out of the 16k photos there , i 'm sure some are with a d700 .	it 's a 1:1 lens , so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor .	0.60
a man is doing a card trick .	a man is squeezing water .	0.250
come into existence ; reveal its presence or make an apprearance .	reveal its presence or make an appearance .	4.2
a woman is slicing some tuna .	a woman is cutting raw fish .	2.800
because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	1.60
aol says to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1.0 bn	aol to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1 billion	4.8
the event of gradually vanishing from view	the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight .	5
someone is pouring oil into a skillet .	someone is pouring milk into a blender .	1.600
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas ?	that 's how i would feel supported .	1.60
not a good beginning : hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin	french president francois hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin	4.4
someone is playing piano .	a person is playing a keyboard piano .	3.600
tokyo to host 2020 olympic games	tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympics	4.2
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson which this parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are , all over the world , in a state of disorder , and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it .	4.400
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
a man is pouring chili into a bowl .	a man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl .	2.500
because it opens the circuit	there is an open path	1.60
dozens killed in russian plane crash	ten killed in alaska plane crash	1.40
in this frame , which is a part of the trial sequence , a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case .	decide on and make a declaration about ;	0.8
the girls danced on the stage .	a girl is putting on makeup .	0.333
literally cause to become unable to see .	bind by an obligation ; cause to be indebted .	0
should i let potential employers know i have a job offer ?	should i tell my boss i have a full time job offer ?	3
a man is opening a box and taking out paper .	a woman is peeling a potato .	0.000
a spokesman said : `` since november , we have co-operated fully with the police .	it added it had `` co-operated fully '' with police since november .	4.250
the answers so far are already good , but i 'd like to add a map for switzerland :	you have a lot of answers already , but i 'd like to add curries as another solutions .	0
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something .	0.6
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i urge that to seize this motion , this invitation , this request of dialogue , to give further and to make sure that , together with this assembly , these relics of a nationalist might be .	3.200
shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced .	2.6
look through a book or some other written material ( for information ) .	look through a book or other written material .	5.000
mali 's president hands in resignation	mali 's president formally resigns	4.6
hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?	**smooches ran** hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?	4.4
no country is perfect , but this country is far and away better than any other on earth .	our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men , right ?	1.33
there 's no chance of a fair trial .	there is no chance at a fair trial .	5
the battery is not closed in a closed path .	circuit 4 has no closed paths	2.60
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we must act now with money and concrete action , and not only with words .	5.000
a man with glasses is talking .	a man in a library is talking .	3.250
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent	( grammar ) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent .	4
search leader urges caution in findings related to missing malaysian jetliner	searchers hoping pings come from lost malaysian airliner	1
the man is playing the keyboards .	a man is playing guitar .	2.200
the dow jones industrial average .dji edged up 13.33 points , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 .	the dow jones industrial average < .dji > was off 7.75 points , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 .	2.500
fundimental difference , please ?	fundamental difference ?	4.6
the foundation esély budapestért alapítvány , at the request of the grouping of fiatal baloldal - ifjú szocialisták , has established a bill on the order of the foundation has harmadik együtt évezredért , for a total of four million huf .	the foundation esély budapestért alapítvány , at the request of the grouping of fiatal baloldal - ifjú szocialisták , made a bill on the order of the foundation együtt a harmadik évezredért , for a total of four million huf .	5
amazon also reported that the new york attorney general 's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified .	amazon and the new york attorney general 's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers .	3.750
the closed path still existed for bulb a even though switch y was open	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	3.20
gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent ? # pols1101	'enough is enough , ' feinstein says in proposing new gun ban	1.8
virtual attributes and methods can be shadowed/overridden .	in java all attributes and methods are implicitly virtual .	1
pakistan executions draw international ire	pakistan protests ceasefire violations by india	0
nyt most emailed : pentagon set to lift ban on women in combat roles : the groundbreaking decision overturns a 199 ...	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat	4.4
two dogs fighting in the snow .	two dogs play in the snow .	3.20
algeria hostage crisis ends ; death toll unclear	algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath	3.8
nelson mandela dies aged 95	nelson mandela dies at age 95	5.00
because the terminals are not connected	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	0.80
vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in paris at 15.78 euros .	vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in paris at 0841 gmt .	2.600
7 killed in attacks in iraq	27 killed in attacks across iraq	2
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument	manipulate the registers of an organ .	3.500
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account .	5.000
south korea regrets north 's refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mers death , 12 new cases	1
improve or perfect by polishing , pruning , or making more concise .	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .	3.8
a woman is cracking eggs .	a man is talking to a woman .	0.000
how do i stop my dog from jumping on me ?	how do i stop my dog from barking at people through the fence ?	2
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the activity of protecting someone or something .	0
sl putting a number on smoking 's toll	well : long term effects on life expectancy from smoking	3.4
at least 11 more cases in indiana and three in illinois are suspected .	there ’ s also at least three suspected cases in illinois and 11 in indiana .	5.000
8 arrested after deadly bangladesh building collapse	four arrested as bangladesh building toll rises to 352	2.4
world stocks fall before greek debt deal deadline	asia stocks fall ahead of greek debt deal deadline	2.4
the voltage stays the same within the battery	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.00
a man is cutting a fish .	a man guts a fish .	3.000
terminal 1 and 4 connected	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	5.00
obama backs philippines over south china sea	obama says clear rules needed to calm south china sea	2.4
a man is playing the drums .	a man plays the drum .	5.000
here is the 2006 cover release , choice b in your question is the 2006 version .	wikipedia 's compilation of time travel rules is a good resource to check about this subject .	0.20
365 days from january 1 to december 31 , the gregorian calendar	the year ( reckoned from january 1 to december 31 ) according to gregorian calendar .	4.6
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain .	3.750
what kind of insulation is it ?	what kind of floors are above ?	0
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder if the commissioner , for the steps which they show that we consider and as the representative of the serbian people and as the partner with which the european union will have to deal with .	3.400
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	the battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	4.50
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.91666666666667
amnesty international 's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld , which opposes armed violence .	the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums .	3.2
i 'm going to go out on a limb here ...	i 'm going to be very direct here .	2
israel must release or try palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	israeli minister wants palestinian leader 's ouster	0.5
a constructed underground passageway	a passageway through or under something , usually underground ( especially one for trains or cars ) .	3.800
heat metal prior to working it	heat a metal prior to working it .	5.000
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the wto .	4.400
us , china fail to paper over cracks in ties	china : relief in focus as hope for missing fades	0.40
in canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .	in canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .	4.000
ok , thanks for the explanation .	thanks for the heads up .	3.70
bradley manning-wikileaks case turns to sentencing	manning wikileaks case turns to sentencing phase	5.00
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i call on prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow them up and to ensure that , together with this house , these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned .	4.200
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek minority of himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation , strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	4.800
a bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike .	a cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators .	3.4
a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .	a boy in a robe sits in a chair .	4.20
un chemical weapons experts to visit syria	us says chemical weapons used in syria	2.00
because terminal 1 was hooked u to the positive terminal which is automatically 1.5 v	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	2.33333333333333
physically inflate	become inflated .	4.750
then i found others that countered what she said .	inherited that when his father died .	0.00
a man is taking out the insides of a green pepper .	someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper .	4.000
details of aung san suu kyi 's visit to ireland	rapturous welcome for aung san suu kyi 's historic trip	3.4
an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement .	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage ( especially a more advanced or mature stage ) ;	3
because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path .	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	2.00
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we are part of the club , or we are not and we must therefore we abide by this decision .	4.600
a man is punching through boards .	a dog is running through water .	0.400
verify something by comparing to a standard	check or regulate ( a scientific experiment ) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard .	3.6
president mourns death of mandela	world mourns passing of mandela	3.40
israel bars palestinians from jerusalem 's old city	two-state solution between palestinians , israel pie in sky	1
saudi-led airstrikes hit yemeni capital	saudi airstrikes in yemen 's capital kill 29	3
a man dives into a pool .	a man dives into a swimming pool .	5.000
track fault disrupts train service between raffles place , marina bay	train service disrupted between raffles place and marina bay	4.2
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only a month ago , muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of `` futile .	4.500
involve as a necessary accompaniment or result ; have as a logical consequence .	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result .	2.8
captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am , and that one of the compound 's outer walls had collapsed .	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .	3.200
gunman kills 6 in shooting at wisconsin sikh temple	gunman kills six in shooting at sikh temple in wisconsin	5
the new york times : chinese firm buys u.s. solar start-up	chinese firm buys an american solar technology start-up	4.8
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons .	drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal .	2
the woman is dicing onions .	a woman is cutting an onion .	4.400
break the skin ( of a body part ) by scraping ; impact something else .	break the skin ( of a body part ) by scraping .	4.6
remove water from a substance .	remove water from .	3.250
the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .	a white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .	4.60
without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .	however an object can not be cast to a class which is no relative of it .	0
a person is playing a piano .	a person is slicing a potato .	0.500
bond bulls would like the fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .	the fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .	2.588
the positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals	1.20
the pagerank depends on the pagerank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .	of a particular page is roughly based upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the pagerank ?	3
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums , college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks .	they would retain all of their chinese , korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures .	0.60
induce into action by using one 's charm ; provoke to do something .	induce into action by using one 's charm .	4
the act of searching for or buying goods or services .	the act of branching out or dividing into branches .	0
you are on the right path .	you are right on the mark .	4
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something .	0.2
this may be overly obvious , but in american english , saying `` you 're welcome '' is certainly polite and standard .	i 'm not sure how `` not at all '' sounds in response to `` thank you '' .	1.40
the act of beginning something new .	the act of ending something .	0.8
severe gales as storm clodagh hits britain	merkel pledges nato solidarity with latvia	0
santorum romping to minnesota victory	santorum wins kansas caucuses	1
tells you that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals	1.33
there is no gap , same electrical state .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	2.66666666666667
the positive terminal has 1.5 v	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	0.80
give a neat appearance to , neaten	give a neat appearance to .	4.9
in masi , `` the choice of rotating doors is important to a symbolic point of view .	especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services. ``	0
the young man is skateboarding at a skate park .	a boy in a blue t shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .	3.80
i 'm facing a similar situation ; being danish and living in ( german-speaking ) austria .	an alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to hindi in daycare .	0.00
a man is speaking on a phone .	a panda bear is chewing on a stick .	0.000
a women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera .	a small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera .	0.4
good read ... why the net grieves aaron swartz -	why world grieves aaron swartz	4
when any sub-problem is met again , it can be found and re-used to solve another problem .	it was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .	2
this is not a good idea .	not a good idea .	5
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( 5 / 2000 )	3.400
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
the act of rending , tearing , ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number .	0.75
syrians protest against erdogan in paris , venezuelans stress support to syria	turkey 's erdogan in iran to mend ties after split over syria	1.40
the u.s. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order .	there are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the us .	2.60
give suck to ; receive suck .	give suck to .	3.667
feel the fear ... and do it anyway the book recommends to feel the fear .	13 tips to face your fear and enjoy the ride seems interesting .	2.20
no , you do not need a bread machine .	you do not need to worry .	0
congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see president bill clinton veto them .	congress twice passed similar bills , but then-president clinton vetoed them both times .	4.600
yes , this is ok , as it allows you to emphasise certain things , that you want the readers to notice .	i believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point .	4.00
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	the things are not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions . it is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments .	4.200
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the consumers are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the growth european régresseront .	4.750
expel or eject saliva , sputum , or an object from the mouth .	expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .	4.4
wednesday ’ s decision is likely to please turkey , which has warned that the bill , if enacted , would seriously affect turkish-french ties .	the french legislation has enraged turkey , which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill .	3.00
two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .	the dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .	0.00
we can , of course , make music directly on the map memory , but little card readers know go without reduction , given the dimensions tiny memory cards used in mobile .	we can , of course , record music directly onto the memory card , but few card readers know how to deal with them , given the tiny dimensions of memory cards used in mobile .	2
the two dogs are running on the grass .	two dogs are playing in the grass .	4.40
texas instruments climbed $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and novellus systems inc. advanced $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 .	texas instruments climbed $ us1.37 to $ us19.25 and novellus systems advanced $ us1.76 to $ us36.31 , each having been raised to `` overweight '' by lehman .	3.750
hong kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	hong kong set for huge democracy rally	3.80
charlie rangel censured did anyone see the footage of this ?	did anyone see the footage of this ?	3
many of the attacks originated abroad .	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia .	1.8
a woman stands in front of a building in the snow .	two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room .	0
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia , recognising the real democratic principles .	4.400
there must be a closed path and a battery .	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	3.40
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.4
five dead , 40 missing in canada train disaster	8 dead , 11 missing in sw china landslide	0.6
two people are playing golf on a golf course .	two people are on a golf course playing golf .	5.00
un warns of plight of women , children in syria 's homs	unicef calls for immediate safe access to women , children in homs	3
it 's not a good idea .	it 's not just a good idea , it 's an excellent idea .	1
circuit 2 is connected to the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery	1.00
police disperse protest in east sudan - witnesses	police disperse east china chemical plant protesters	1.6
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	it is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the european people 's party .	4.800
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are poor , sick and uncultivated .	4.800
the man is sitting with a little girl in the park .	the man is playing with the shaggy little dog .	0.60
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	that does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help .	3.750
a boy is crawling into a dog house .	a boy is playing a wooden flute .	0.750
ukrainian president orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	uganda 's president museveni agrees to sign anti-gays bill	0.20
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	but from the point of view of the international role was a trap .	3.750
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies fall into force by the further restriction of the right of veto and to increasing the power of parliament to the eu .	4.800
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	3.20
a theme traverses a trajectory . this trajectory consists of a source , path , and goal . if the theme is sentient , the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory . if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme .	a line leading to a place or point ;	1.8
other ways are needed .	we must find other ways .	4.400
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	consumers will be the losers , with employees , and competitiveness and growth régresseront european .	4.750
people are standing on an escalator moving up .	people ride up an escalator .	4.60
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object	a supplementary part or accessory .	3.333
yes bulb a was on	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	1.80
car bomb at swedish consulate in libya 's benghazi , no casualties	car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi , none hurt	4.8
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this great mistake is russia to ruin its policy .	4.000
the act of governing , administrating	the rate of moving ( especially walking or running ) .	0
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990 .	2.8
because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	the path is not closed	4.00
on monday , as first reported by cnet news.com , the riaa withdrew a dmca notice to penn state university 's astronomy and astrophysics department .	last thursday , the riaa sent a stiff copyright warning to penn state 's department of astronomy and astrophysics .	1.750
the human act of making something new .	the act of cracking something .	0.6
a dog leaping over a hurdle .	a dog leaps over the hurdle .	4.80
the brown dog is running along a grassy pathway .	a brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .	3.40
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	the terminals are not connected	1.00
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .	5.000
because it has one regardless of the circuit	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.33
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe .	4
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and also for your reception , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , europe , the french presidency would like to thank you .	5.000
there is no gap in the circuit .	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	1.40
treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to .	treat with an agent ; add ( an agent ) to .	4.000
wow '' : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
a young girl riding a brown horse .	a woman in riding a brown horse .	3.8
because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected .	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	4.40
u.s. , eu widen sanctions on russia	u.s. , eu boost sanctions on russia	5
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication . these words , analogously to behaver-evaluating words , can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce . they can occur with about-pps expressing topic .	worthy of being depended on ;	0
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .	3.40
debt slavery here 's what class warfare looks like !	debt slavery here 's a hint .	2.40
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359	indian building collapse death toll rises to 72	0.8
golf : westwood takes lead in dubai desert classic	westwood in front a dubai desert classic	4
a young asian girl is applying eyeliner .	a girl is putting on eye makeup .	2.400
markets live : waiting for china data	markets live : china drags	2
( cause to ) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	wet with a spurt of liquid .	4.6
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	a and c are in different paths	1.20
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim . the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim . in such cases , the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part , in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer .	deliver a sharp blow , as with the hand , fist , or weapon ;	0.8
there 's also what the string is made of .	there is also a youtube-version of the film .	0
a man is playing drums .	a man is playing his guitar .	1.800
with the expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .	with the expose ( ex-poh-say ) feature , all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .	4.400
several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .	following california 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .	4.000
girl accused of burning koran goes into hiding	girl accused of burning koran bailed	3.2
( cause to ) be firmly attached or closed .	cause to be firmly attached .	5.000
the man rode his motorcycle down the highway .	a person is driving a motorcycle on a road .	3.750
a man crouching and holding a camera .	the crouching man is holding a large camera .	4.60
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	faced with criticisms , particularly those of ireland and france , the british chancellor of the exchequer has given a new interpretation : it is now a matter of resources for all users , including the drivers of heavy goods vehicles .	4.600
2 of the individuals arrested were released .	2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles .	1.6
a black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .	a black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun .	2.8
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something	an intuitive understanding of something .	4.250
`` it is safe to assume the senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , '' king said .	its safe to assume the senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap ... .the level of it is to be debated .	3.000
a physical framework of crossing strips , often wooden	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal .	3.2
a spokeswoman at strong memorial hospital said doud was in satisfactory condition tuesday night .	a spokesman at strong memorial hospital said doud was under evaluation tuesday evening in the emergency room .	3.000
hernandez double gives mexico victory	hernandez double gives mexico victory over japan	3.40
mr mcdonnell is leading grant thornton international 's inquiry into the italian business .	mr mcdonnell wants to establish if the italian business followed grant thornton 's audit procedures .	2.750
the act of having and controlling property .	the state or fact of being an owner .	4.250
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	the gay and other ‘ modern ’ practices are rejected because nombrilistes .	3.500
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually .	reverse ( a direction , attitude , or course of action ) .	3.8
a man is playing piano .	a man is playing a violin .	2.000
residents near gaza instructed to stay near shelter	best ’ s great day brings west indies cheer	0
it is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .	point is : know what you want and do n't be afraid to ask for it .	0
it depends on what you want to have in your tank .	it depends on what you want to achieve .	2
i do n't normally agree with former pm john howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the us	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too .	1.25
lets assume we have % white and % black .	imagine a place that 's % white and % black .	3.77777777777778
the political stock market	the politicization of securities markets	2.833
north korea sendin them threats again	north korea issues blunt new threat to united states	3.8
egypt presidential election results delayed	egyptian election result delayed	4.2
i absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters .	i do n't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the titanic .	1.2
bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8 '	bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149	2.00
israelis , palestinians convene over prisoner swap	israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of prisoner x	1.2
a young boy plays in a red ball pit .	a laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .	3.00
the nation 's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by jan. 25 , 2005 .	wal-mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they 'll need to have radio-frequency id systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by jan. 25 , 2005 .	3.750
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.40
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	therefore , it is urgent that the personnel of the inter-service group are very quickly reinforced at the heart of the secretary-general of the commission , so that all the proposals of the act of general interest can be accompanied , during their examination by the commission on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) of a detailed fiche d'impact .	4.000
i have no idea why it is voted up , but rex kerr 's answer begs the question .	it 's a tautology , but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong .	0.00
i had the same problem as you .	i have exactly the same problem .	5
saudis defend # srilankan maid 's # execution	saudis defend maid 's beheading	4
lovely tribute , her responses to readers ' qtns priceless . read bacon frying and you could move . dear abby dies at 94	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	3.8
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine . the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance .	a characteristic state or mode of living ;	2.6
this is an inspiring exhibition . the way to the future . ? making room ? in the city	weekend miser : ? making room , ? at museum of the city of new york	3.4
a mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something .	4.2
hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years	hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches	5
the key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .	you may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .	1
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing switch z , switch x , bulbs a and c and the battery	2.83
bangkok tense on thai election eve	bangladesh : crackdown escalates ahead of election	2.20
why is my washing machine making this sound ?	what is this sound from my washing machine ?	4
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was sought for murder .	3.600
in the last three weeks , progress has been made in three major areas .	these last weeks , three significant progresses were made .	3.800
the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	a term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .	1
the man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .	a trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .	1.80
this is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the 'weekend of italians ' .	the second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of italy .	4
according to the girlfriend and zimmerman , he did .	according to zimmerman he did .	2.4
police official s.k . tonapi told reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded .	state interior ministry spokesman vasant pitke told reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured .	1.800
the pflp said in a statement : `` abused in these results and not recognized .	the front said in a statement : `` it challenges these results and they 're not recognized .	3.8025
engrave , shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface .	4
arrested russian killer denies ties to pussy riot	dozens arrested in russian tv tower protest	0.8
a skier speeds through the snow .	a brown dog carrying a frisbee runs through the snow .	0.20
israel frees second group of palestinian prisoners	israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners	3.80
the stock exchange of warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of prague	on trade terms , the stock exchange of prague fell	1
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that one of our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .	4.500
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .	the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .	4.8
a woman is mixing ingrediants .	a woman is mixing food in a bowl .	3.500
isaac drenches haiti , heads toward cuba , florida	isaac nears haiti with homeless quake population	2.4
oil falls in asian trade	oil prices down in asian trade	5
a brown dog running through the woods .	a brown dog runs through the grass .	3.20
stomach bug to cause ailing nadal to miss australian open	rafa nadal to miss australian open	3.4
'no evidence ' in afghanistan massacre case	us toll in afghanistan hits 2,000	0.8
jamaican connection in liverpool 's win	japan election : shinzo abe hails landslide win	0.40
kadhafi warns that us and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming .	western countries ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming .	3.4
someone is playing a piano .	a man is playing a guitar .	1.200
the answer to both questions is : yes .	the answer to both of your questions is yes .	5
clinton warns kenya of cost of election violence	clinton warns kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos	2.8
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder . often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is , therefore , marked as a null instantiation .	established customary state ( especially of society ) ;	0.6
angelina jolie 's aunt dies of breast cancer	angelina jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer	2.8
new york stock exchange to reopen wednesday	dealbook : stock exchanges prepare to open	3
the witness said that at 4.30 p.m. , locklear `` based on substance on the accelerator , doing a lot of noise , trying to get out of the car garage , and going backwards several times , she roula on his sunglasses '' .	the witness said that at 4.30 p.m. , locklear `` pushed hard on accelerator , doing a lot of noise , trying to back out of the garage , and going backwards several times ; she was driving with her sunglasses '' .	4
vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	1
: -\ hmv gone into bankruptcy equivalent ...	dealbook : british retailer hmv enters equivalent of bankruptcy	4.2
is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb ?	paper title , is it better to start with a verb ?	2
how long should i wait between grout application and sealant ?	how long should i wait for plaster to dry/cure between coats ?	1
cause to be distrusted or rejected ; damage the reputation of .	damage the reputation of .	3.500
however , other unions including the powerful cgt remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .	the powerful cgt and other unions remained opposed to the plans , however , and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them .	4.000
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.40
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my view , however , there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favour could not have been a series of words réconfortants and do not have any consequences concrete on their existence .	3.400
a class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for hd ( 1080 ) video for the 550d ( 48 mbit ) .	some cards are too slow to accept an hd stream , so you need one that is fast enough .	1.60
a decorative container , often for holding flowers	an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers .	4.250
germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	eurozone avoids recession in q1 , thanks to germany	2
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	5.000
the gop is fighting for freedom of choice .	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice .	3.00
sweet , sweet story . nytimes : a doll ? s magic , free to renew	a doll 's magic , free to renew	3.8
there is a closed path to the battery	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	3.00
egyptians to vote for new president	somali mps to elect new president	0.8
a small boy playing in the snow .	the brown and white dog is playing in the snow .	1.60
a man is cutting a rope with a sword .	the man slced through a thick rope with a sword .	4.400
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world 's biggest producers of opium .	helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .	2.6
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome .	4.6
hong kong stocks close down 0.28 %	hong kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher	1.6
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	what it did without the initiative not going very far .	3.500
so . odd . ? : in his own words : manti te'o on his girlfriend , and her death - now revealed to be a hoax : ?	in his own words : manti te'o on girlfriend 's death	3.8
u.s. resumes search for missing british sailors after public	us coast guard suspends search for missing british sailors	2.40
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	it is a development of this type which i hope in the other states of the european union .	4.200
a woman is sitting at a desk .	a woman is riding a donkey .	0.400
take possession of by legal authority ( for security ) .	take temporary possession of as a security , by legal authority .	3.6
obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death	0
two men talking in front of a plane .	two men talking in front of a small plane .	4.4
for fiction , i have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks .	to answer your question , yes , i think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later .	1.80
snowden sees 'no chance ' for us fair trial	snowden sees `` no chance '' to get fair trial in u.s .	5.00
a is on a cloosed battery	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	3.40
a man is hitting a boy with flower vase .	a man is cutting a mat .	0.300
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote	make a plug for ; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote .	4.333
a skier going down the snowy hill .	a brown dog is laying in the snow .	0.40
a man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl .	pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer .	3.600
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
a rabbit is running from an eagle .	a hare is running from a eagle .	4.200
uk 's ex-premier margaret thatcher dies at 87	former british pm margaret thatcher dies	4.00
amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained .	5
a man is finding something .	a woman is slicing something .	0.800
bae systems is the uk 's largest defense company .	bae systems is the uk 's largest military	3.4
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	there is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal	5.00
hurricane sandy powers toward eastern seaboard	hurricane sandy moves towards us	3.6
a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear .	a woman is riding her bicycle .	0.50
5 things to know about the sochi olympics	7 things to know about ethanol	0.00
apart from admission ( which normally should not be related to age ) , there is something that 's related to your question .	age is not a phd admission facor in the continental europe , too .	1.00
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation .	3.8
gazans fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries	gazans fire 89 rockets ; cabinet approves reserve call-up	1.4
the act of beginning something new .	the act of decreasing something markedly .	0.4
japan to deport chinese held over island landing	german court weighs delay to euro fund ruling	0
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is of our duty to continue to support the latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .	4.750
become aware of through the senses	to become aware of through the senses .	5.000
fight for mali town reflects islamist tactics	eu to train mali army to fight northern islamist militants	2
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i say to you very clearly : we need to give its opportunity to koitunica , and i therefore hope that he will ensure an amnesty over the coming weeks or months ; but meanwhile , i hope , however , that , in political terms and in budgetary terms , political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines , namely democratisation and reconstruction .	5.000
kl shares remain higher mid-afternoon	kl shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon	4.40
red double decker bus .	a red , double-decker bus .	5
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground .	2
several people are sitting around a fire at night .	a group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .	4.20
a black and white cat and dog on a striped couch .	a black and white cat standing in front of a window .	2.4
pro-russia rebels to hold vote in ukraine	syria rebels : we killed hezbollah men in lebanon	0.00
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	4.80
recognize , be familar or well-versed with	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information ; possess knowledge or information about .	2.500
the workers accuse general dynamics of `` reverse age discrimination '' because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997 .	general dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997 .	2.600
why has n't the us government done that ( if the affair is fake , taht is.. )	i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .	1.60
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and for your kind welcome , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the french presidency thank you .	4.800
us confirms al-qaeda leader has been captured	us captures al-qaeda leader but fails in somalia attack	2.8
4.1 magnitude quake strikes u.s	7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes philippines	1
the woman is putting paste into a dish .	a woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl .	1.500
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .	4.6
a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , the ship took about five years to build .	the reagan , a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , is the ninth nimitz-class carrier to be built at the newport news shipyard .	2.667
a man is playing a guitar .	a man in a hat is playing a harp .	1.400
a woman is playing a flute on stage .	the woman is playing the flute .	3.600
prove or suggest to be false or incorrect .	prove to be false or incorrect .	4.8
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure , bernanke .	3.500
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the european growths will decline .	4.500
many football players sitting on the ground .	a dog rolls on the ground .	0.00
david @ omsigdavid , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .	@ sozobe , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .	4.8
22 dead in suicide attack on yemen police academy	au forces intensify attack on somali rebels	0.4
nyt on aaron swartz : a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause	4.2
a sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state .	3.8
or this one by jim croce we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.2
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of perceiving the odor of something .	0
and now it 's anything he wants to say , '' alesha badgley , stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director , said this week .	and now it 's anything he wants to say , '' confirmed stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director alesha badgley .	5.000
insert or close with a plug	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug .	4.750
a girl is flying a kite .	a girl running is flying a kite .	4.000
in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	the vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .	1
more expensive homes .	more expensive cars .	1.2
two cartoon rabbits are kissing .	a rabbit is kissing another rabbit .	3.800
south africa 's mandela taken to hospital	nelson mandela taken to hospital	4.80
role or function of the head of a government department	the role of the head of a government department .	5.000
china mine accident kills 10	china truck accident kills 20	1.6
explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in lebanon 's tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern lebanon	2.00
according to the 2000 census , long beach 's hispanic or latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .	according to the census bureau , the hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the april 2000 census figures .	2.400
silvio berlusconi expelled from italy 's parliament	silvio berlusconi expelled from parliament	4
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting .	0
in 1999 , the building 's owners , the port authority of new york and new jersey , issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 { inches .	the nist discovered that in 1999 the port authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches .	3.000
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally i welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme .	4.600
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we are part of the club , or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision .	4.800
the further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .	the differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .	0
bremer , 61 , is a onetime assistant to former secretaries of state william p. rogers and henry kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989 .	bremer , 61 , is a former assistant to former secretaries of state william p. rogers and henry kissinger .	3.000
us hands over bagram prison to afghan authorities	u.s. transfers bagram prison to afghan control	4.8
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	2.60
scaryyyyy ... questioning greek growth	world : green questions about greek growth	3.8
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .	it then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies .	4.000
the pursuit and killing or capture of animals .	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport .	3.250
'iron man ' jetpacks spark concerns in hawaii	'iron man ' jetpacks spark concerns	3.80
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	this leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response .	5.000
jolt of electrical current to the body	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body .	3.750
an office with multiple desks and green walls .	small office space with bright green walls .	4
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.714
in hong kong , 24 patients were quarantined wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .	this after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms .	3.000
enter a realm , become involved with	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .	1.500
the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something .	4.4
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , the all-ijaw natives showed chevron to incite with the violence in their opposition and of going until paying nigerian soldiers to shoot at the demonstrators at the naval base from warri .	3.600
the man drove his little red car around the traffic .	the dog ran in the water at the beach .	0.000
morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it .	2
maldives president quits after police mutiny , protests	maldives president quits after weeks of protest	3.4
obama , romney prepare for first debate	obama , romney prepare to debate	4.2
a look at major terror attacks in east africa	un security council slams deadly terrorist attack in kenyan capital	1.60
the act of controlling by restraining someone or something .	the act of liberating someone or something .	0.2
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the ministry of equal opportunities .	4.600
because it had no gap between the terminals	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	0.80
i do n't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically .	you 're going to find answers all over the map for this one ( i.e. , there probably are n't `` standards '' ) .	2.40
critics say the law violates civil liberties , something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner , r-wis. , says he is sensitive to .	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner , r-wis. , says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints .	3.750
myanmar was formerly known as burma .	myanmar was formerly called burma .	5
the terminal it is connected to is not working	there is no gap between the terminals	0.80
the method takes much less time than naive methods .	and thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .	4
there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future . in most cases , there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur . a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned .	doing as one pleases or chooses ;	0.6
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .	economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products .	4.500
terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.33
what conviction would that be ?	what conviction where you talking about before ?	4.4
a girl does a back bend on the beach .	a girl doing a back bend at the beach .	4.80
cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanged in prison cell	cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanging in his cell	5.00
you can write the book in any way you choose , as long as it works for you .	sequence a only in writing ( sometimes you have to go back and revise ) option the not writer has is .	1.20
two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .	two white dogs are running together .	2.20
nytimes : andrew revkin on next steps for china in cleaning up pollution .	charting a post-pollution path for cities - from london , 1952 , through beijing , 2013	1.5
the act of coming to rest after a voyage .	the act of coming down to the earth ( or other surface ) .	0.8
philippines , canada pledge to further boost relations	philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks	0
that is not a `` substantial drop '' !	this is totally unacceptable !	0.60
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say a few words on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be passed .	mr president , my dear colleagues , i would like to intervene on the common resolution which of course we will .	3.800
mauritanian president shot by army unit	mauritanian president shot at	3.8
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal	an attempt to get something .	4.500
a cheetah is running behind its prey .	a cheetah chases prey on across a field .	4.400
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we started to have exchanges on this question , from where it arises that all the member states wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widening .	4.800
please read : 's piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in # syria :	gruesome toll of cluster bombs	3
therefore , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	5
a dog is running through a pond	a pale dog is running along a dirt path .	1.40
stars pay tribute to cory monteith	stars pay tribute to james garner	2.20
egypt 's main opposition rejects president 's call for dialogue	egypt opposition mulls response to morsi dialogue call	3.8
a social set or clique of friends	an unofficial association of people or groups .	3.6
a small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach .	a small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant .	0
sandy slams into northeast ; at least 18 dead , 7.4m without power	eastern u.s. storms leave 2 dead in va. , 2 million without power	2.6
florida 's supreme court has twice refused to hear the case .	on tuesday , a florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube .	2.750
comcast class a shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the nasdaq stock market .	the stock rose 48 cents to $ 30 yesterday in nasdaq stock market trading .	2.200
switch x does not effect bulbs b and c	there is a path with b and c that does not include x	4.40
two men standing in grass staring at a car .	a woman in a pink top posing with beer .	0.2
purge sends chilling message to north korea 's elite	purge of kim uncle sends chilling message to north korea ’ s elite	4
you do n't have to know .	you have no need to do anything .	2
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	there is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda .	4.800
four french soldiers killed in afghan suicide blast	four foreign soldiers killed in afghan east	3.4
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	western europeans , who have forgotten this story , should heed our warnings .	5.000
five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel .	five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on friday .	4.600
not sure what specifically you 're asking for , so i 'll do a total dump of information .	when i have more time ( tomorrow ) , i will provide the sources for all of this information .	1.00
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	this is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices .	4.600
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.20
these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity ( the governed ) or an activity . the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position ( e.g . director , king , president ) , and verbs describing the action of leadership ( e.g . rule , reign ) . with verbs , it is possible to mention the role played by the leader ( often a name of a leading position , e.g. , king )	exercise authority over ; as of nations ;	1.4
( cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .	4.2
police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in tunis	police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo	2.2
improve by restoring to a previous or better condition .	restore to a previous or better condition .	4.500
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	this is a development of this kind that i wish the other member states of the european union .	4.200
a grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric .	black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp .	2.4
`` ( uk fave ) `` mate , why do n't skip killing people night ? it 's too cold . '' -nyc murderers in last 9 days	cold wave cut murders in new york city significantly	3.2
perform a duty	do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function .	3.500
a library doll is loaned out to children :	a doll 's magic , free to renew	1.8
some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .	some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .	4.750
this should particularly bring nights of insomnia to long term creditors on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments or not .	this should reserve of the night of sleep before all creditors in the long term on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments .	4
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .	5.000
the easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ …is a kind of ” relationship .	an example of this gain in efficiency is a path-finding problem .	0
two dogs playing in snow .	two dogs play in the snow .	5.00
two ducks are standing by the water .	the birds are swimming in the water .	2.4
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority .	2.8
a is on its on path b and c share a path	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	3.40
the problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .	he said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .	4.400
the problem is n't who has money .	the problem is who does n't have money .	2.46666666666667
cast off , get rid of something	get rid of .	3.500
take something or someone away from somewhere	go away or leave .	1.600
move freely ( usually within a bounded space )	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space .	4.750
what are the bus ( coach ) connections from thessaloniki , greece to tbilisi , georgia ?	is there a bus from tbilisi , georgia to thessaloniki , greece ?	4
nelson mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect '	nelson mandela goes home after hospital stay	2
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	1.83
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .	grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations .	0.8
you did n't mention pfa before that one post .	i did n't mention restraining order either .	0.8
the whole earth combined produces enough food for billion people .	who does it now only produce enough for billion ?	2.2
several thousand 3rd infantry troops , including the 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week .	a few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through friday .	4.000
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded .	during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .	4.6
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	on others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained .	4.000
a close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out .	close up image of a sheep with it 's tongue hanging out .	5
a relative loss in price , value	a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value .	4.000
iraqi attacks kill general , four police	attacks in iraq kill general and 4 others	4
three dead , 63 hurt as new york buildings collapse	two dead , nine hurt in french building collapse	1.60
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm	a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious .	3.2
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	5.00
the driver , eugene rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , wood said .	at the accident scene , the driver was `` covered in blood '' but helped to remove children , wood said .	3.200
a man is eating food .	a man is eating something .	4.200
the drop in core wholesale prices in april reflected falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boy 's clothes and cigarettes .	that was the biggest drop since august 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boys ' clothes and cigarettes .	3.500
probably use it quickly , i would think ...	if you want it light , you need to use it quickly , as the bubbles will disappate over time .	1.8270
clinton lands in india to breathe life into ties	clinton warns against undermining grameen bank	1.4
put an end to , make invalid a process that 's already begun	make invalid for use .	2.000
experience : you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly .	i think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person .	1.60
a girl is styling her hair .	a girl is brushing her hair .	2.500
the black bird is sitting on the ground .	a blackbird sitting on the ground .	5
and nugent was a complete fool to say what he said .	natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base .	0.6
george zimmerman found not guilty of trayvon martin murder	protests and appeals for calm after zimmerman acquitted of trayvon martin murder	2.6
one of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .	one of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .	4
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned ?	3.500
two kuwaitis and six palestinians with jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .	they include two kuwaitis and six palestinians with jordanian passports , and the remainder are iraqis and saudis , the official said .	3.000
supporter , advocate of something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone .	0.6
a man eating an apple , sitting in public .	a man sits in a public place eating an apple .	5.00
a unit cost of something	a single chance or instance .	0.000
a man stands in front of a train .	a man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .	3.8
declare or make unfit or unsuitable	make unfit or unsuitable .	4.250
a man is playing guitar .	a woman is slicing up some pork .	0.000
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection .	the battery is in an open path	0.60
if the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	1.20
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , encouraging the violence in their employment and go up to pay soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the basis of warri .	3.400
business week 's online edition reported on friday that worldcom and the sec could announce a settlement as early as monday .	businessweek online has learned that the settlement could come as early as monday , may 19 .	3.200
because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6 .	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	4.60
a woman is writing a letter .	a woman is sitting at a desk .	1.667
the notion of groupthink is closely related .	perhaps they are members of a mutual admiration society .	3.9738
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	process or manner of functioning or operating .	4
jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in uk	royal mail to create 1,000 jobs	1.25
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .	a collection of things sharing a common attribute ;	2.6
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it passes in lawsuit next on january 8. it is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , which besides it denies .	4.200
a tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .	a large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .	2.00
a man is playing a violin .	the baby is laughing and crawling .	0.000
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and european growth régresseront .	4.250
hurricane isaac moves inland after landfall	hurricane isaac batters us coast near new orleans	2.4
a girl is putting gel in her hair .	a woman is putting gel on her hair .	2.600
a woman is frying fish .	a woman is cooking fish .	4.000
a young man is singing and playing the piano .	the man is writing a letter .	0.200
the battery is not contained in a closed path	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	3.50
a hyperlink to a page counts as a vote of support .	a link to a page is seen as a vote of support .	5
libyans begin handing in weapons	libyans transfer weapons to army	3.2
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .	3.667
an exclusive , privileged group of people	an exclusive group of people .	4.8
wall street opens lower	wall street ends mixed	2
they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service ... even	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .	0.00
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i think it is exemplary that france is resolved to take that step .	5.000
there are other closed path without bulb b	bulbs a and c are in a closed path	1.60
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	indeed , it is not at all convinced that the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another , because the different definitions used in the member states are sufficient all amply .	4.800
a man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress .	a woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .	0.00
( the sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m . )	( the sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m . )	4.857
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council .	kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un .	3
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .	4.800
sheep standing in afield .	a sheep grazing in a field .	3.2
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .	then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies .	4.750
many people run in a race on a street .	a puppy running along a street .	1.00
this case is one of the many accusations that her .	this is one of the many accusations against her .	4
`` humanitarian emergency . `` declared by aid groups in syria ``	'humanitarian emergency ' in syria	4.4
a woman is cutting flowers .	a man is holding huge sunflowers .	1.000
air strikes kills dozens in northern syria	ukraine will not give 'an inch ' over crimea	0.00
that the battery has created a short circut and is dangerous	there is a short circuit	2.66666666666667
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery .	b and c are in the same path with the battery	5.00
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.91666666666667
the senate agreed tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .	both the house and senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .	3.600
the processing or operation of something	a set sequence of steps , part of larger computer program .	1.500
there must be a balance as a whole .	group must be in equilibrium .	4.500
a man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow .	a man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .	0.60
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you 're getting in .	2
in the united states , 20.7 percent of all women smoke .	nevada is where the most women smoke , 28 percent .	1.333
boy laying on couch with dog .	the boy is lying on a couch with a puppy .	4.4
break the bulb into cloves , breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle .	lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it .	1.60
cadbury schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ( $ a11.9 billion ) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs .	cadbury schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree .	3.200
make or become more acute or intense	make more intense , stronger , or more marked .	4.500
france pledges military aid in mali	most french support military operation in mali	1.4
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
ebola uk : nhs staff 'panicked ' after suspected ebola cases	uk says investigating 2 suspected mers cases	0
the act of clipping , cutting	the act of describing something .	0.2
pakistan condemns u.s. drone strikes	pakistan convoy heads to protest us drone strikes	3.2
i wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome .	i wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question .	4.8
the man ran and jumped against the wall .	a man jumps into a wall .	3.400
skip , that 's also very true .	here 's a list of articles for you to peruse .	0.00
friends of syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of syrian people	u.s. , friends of syria recognise opposition as sole representative	4
you will cease playing american football .	further , you will stop playing baseball .	1.00
when you open your dish cabinet , and there is only mugs .	you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .	2.00
for instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .	for example , a schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a programme .	5
i went after guns . obama can , too . one of the only things i would agree with howard on .	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too .	1.8
11 killed in chinese police station attack	eleven killed in china police station attack	5
a tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .	a white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .	0.00
# coder # outsources own job to # china for a # profit , gets fired .	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos	2.2
knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility .	it is accepted that the knowledge of languages is a reference to the mobility .	4.400
forcefully request	request urgently and forcefully .	4.000
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon .	4.200
remove the pod , husk or shell	fall out of the pod or husk .	4.000
six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners .	add into it the disruption of their financial connections .	0.67
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form . manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	speak , pronounce , or utter in a certain way ;	0.6
the action of opposing some other social or military force .	the military action of resisting the enemy 's advance .	4.2
32 die in bangladesh protest	1 killed in bangladesh protest	2.2
a woman is playing a game with a man .	a man is playing piano .	0.600
sierra leone in ebola lockdown	sierra leone reaches final day of ebola lockdown	3
palestinians clash with israeli forces in west bank , jerusalem	palestinians clash with security forces in w. bank	4.2
friends of robert de niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer .	hollywood actor robert de niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer , his spokesman said today .	3.500
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is of our duty of continuing press latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .	4.500
woman in a black dress walking on the street .	a woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .	0.80
bulb a created a gap	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	1.80
a chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup .	a man is wiping the edge of a bowl off .	2.533
an instance of visual perception .	( often followed by `of ' ) a large number or amount or extent .	0.500
a person is chopping coriander leaves .	a woman is slicing up some green leaves .	2.250
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.00
obama must prove himself on palestine : nytimes : netanyahu issues veiled barb in response to criticism from obama	netanyahu issues veiled response to criticism from obama	4
supreme court to hear voting rights act case	supreme court to hear corporate human rights case	1.4
there are a couple of options that you could consider :	there are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you .	1
bombings kill 9 people in iraqi capital	bombings kill 19 people in iraq	2
there is no maximum .	there is no quarantine period .	0
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i find it a little strange to try to now force the commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a same time to establish a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance complementary .	4.200
convert the genetic information in a strand of dna into a strand of rna .	convert the genetic information in ( a strand of dna ) into a strand of rna , especially messenger rna .	4.250
have a monopoly of ; control fully	have or exploit a monopoly of .	4.500
a child with his hands on his head .	a little boy stands with his hands on top of his head	4.20
enjoy , be fond of or approve	be fond of .	3.000
a grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .	a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .	3.2
white house , defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts	4.4
spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	spanish dilemma gets more acute	3.4
blue couch and twin bed in a living room .	blue couch in room with sun shining in .	2
philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal '	5
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	it is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job .	0
a man is playing the drums .	a man is playing the guitar .	2.200
furnish with a guideline	furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics .	3.750
a woman is writing something .	a woman is chopping green onions .	0.800
wait until they become more consistent and closer together .	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together .	3.8
this is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .	the method takes much less time than naive methods .	4
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs .	5.000
other operators also refer to the specific nature of the czech market .	none of the czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .	2
design , design , design . ? we ? re on the tail end of technology being special , ? says john maeda .	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward	1
my niece is married to a black man .	my great niece is half black .	1.4
the pagerank is computed iteratively , and it is found that the pagerank values converge fairly rapidly .	the pagerank depends on the pagerank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .	1
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .	3.8
new coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- who	who : new virus can probably pass person to person	3.80
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view	make a channel for ; provide with a channel .	1.4
navistar shares were down 44 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 41.19 on the new york stock exchange after falling as low as $ 39.93 .	navistar shares rose a penny to $ 41.64 at late afternoon on the new york stock exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 39.93 .	2.000
it is gratifying that parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness .	it is necessary to be delighted that the parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency .	4.600
two women are sitting in a cafe .	two men catching a fish in a swamp .	0
funeral of ian paisley to take place in belfast	funeral of mh17 victim liam sweeney takes place in newcastle	0
very crowded office desk with computer monitor on .	messy computer desk with two monitors .	3
two men are dancing .	two women are shopping .	0.400
swimmers are racing in a lake .	women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform .	1.600
he now wants to go to court for a contact order .	someone needs to go to jail for that one .	0.80
at midnight on wednesday , 68 percent of voters said `` no '' to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .	with 97 percent of precincts counted tonight , 68 percent of voters opposed the tax .	4.667
israelis and palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final ' peace deal after positive talks	israeli army kills 3 palestinian militants in west bank clashes	1.60
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller .	4.2
fast picture viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $ 9.99 and it appears to cover them all .	fast picture viewer is $ 9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit windows 7 ( i 'm using it myself ) .	3.80
the flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey .	sir richard was speaking after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey .	2.800
syria : deadly airstrikes in damascus	syria launches deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs	4
families of # newtown victims look for answers on # gun violence # nra	families of newtown school massacre victims organize against gun violence	3
a man is lifting weights .	a woman is exercising her abs .	1.000
the boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball .	the black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .	0.20
you might not like obamas views , but he has them .	you might not like the positions he holds , but atleast he has them .	2.6
a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .	a child holds a yellow balloon .	4.00
find out or be informed of a new information , understand or realize	get to know or become aware of , usually accidentally .	2.500
mayor joe t. parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .	the missing workers , two men and a woman , were inside the building when the first blast occurred , mayor joe t. parker said .	4.400
so yes , we do read the bible to learn about christianity .	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity .	3
dozens injured as boeing 777 jet crash lands at san francisco airport	asiana air boeing 777 crash lands at san francisco airport	3.8
in that position , elias will report to joe tucci , president and ceo of emc .	as executive vice president of new ventures , elias will report to joe tucci , emc 's president and chief executive .	3.400
scar physically ; create a mark on someone or something	make underscoring marks .	2.500
sadly , by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states .	it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .	0.80
results of the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released yesterday by statistics canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .	the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released wednesday by statistics canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .	3.909
a bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence .	a bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence .	3.4
the act of allowing , bestowing something	the act of testing something .	0.6
a chimp is kicking a target .	a woman is putting oil into a skillet .	0.000
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but like the eu itself , this will be built and this will happen .	4.250
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman is peeling an apple .	2.000
lionel richie is dancing on the ceiling .	lionel ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling .	4.000
group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	4.8
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league ( adl ) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .	4.4
two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other .	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .	4.4
argentina declares mourning for flood victims	parents demands common forms for nursery admissions	0.00
a man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .	a women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .	0.20
blitzbokke ousted by fiji	blitzbokke beaten by nz	2
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason .	my understanding of a `` bubble '' is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	4.20
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	in view of the criticism , especially those in ireland and france , the chancellor of the exchequer has given a new interpretation : it is now a tax for all users , including the british lorry drivers .	4.400
an interpretation , an account or reading of an event or situation	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something .	3.500
`` fewer than 10 '' fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the justice department said .	in addition , the justice department said that the fbi has conducted ''fewer than 10 '' investigations involving visits to mosques .	4.200
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my view , there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment in their favour could only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence .	4.600
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right to a government of arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a dictatorship .	4.200
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those who are currently working on the black would get jobs under decent social conditions .	4.400
pass time in a particular place or way	assign a new time and place for an event .	0.4
go around the rim of	run around the rim of .	4.8
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4 .	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	1.60
a boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence .	a bmx biker rides along the top of a fence .	3.000
a conveyance or transporter , often wheeled	a conveyance that transports people or objects .	4.4
give a performative affectation to ( something ) .	give a performance ( of something ) .	2.8
gunmen kill female politician in pakistan	gunmen kill 5 female teachers in pakistan	2.2
a dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .	three dogs run through a field .	2.80
make receptive or willing toward an action or belief .	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief .	4.8
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i am , however , convinced that parliament would do better to devote its voice , in view of the nice council , a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the intergovernmental conference , rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the council .	4.400
7 killed in monster truck crash	6 killed in mexico ‘ monster truck ’ crash	3.2
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient . in the absence of further qualifications , it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme .	provide ( usually but not necessarily food ) ;	0.8
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off indonesia	6.9-magnitude quake strikes off russia 's kuril islands	1.00
you do n't need to know everything .	they just do n't want you to know it .	1
a lion is walking .	a lion is pacing in a pen .	2.400
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3 .	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	5.00
sachin tendulkar says i 'm not god , i 'm sachin	sachin tendulkar scores cricket 's first 100th century	0.8
a group of people eat at a table outside .	group of elderly people sitting around a table .	2.8
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	what he has done without the initiative goes too far .	3.000
do you see obama calling for regulation reform ?	do you see obama calling for cut , cap and balance ?	1.8
a woman playing with two young boys at a park	a woman and three kids play at a park .	3.20
antonio monteiro de castro , 58 , currently director of the group ’ s latin america & caribbean operations , will become chief operating officer from the same date .	bat also said antonio monteiro de castro , director for latin america and the caribbean , would become chief operating officer on january 1 , 2004 .	3.600
concrete enactment of an idea or concept	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept .	3.8
bulb a , bulb b and bulb c are in different closed paths .	a and c are in different paths	3.00
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally , i welcome the idea of giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme .	4.750
a false allegation , allie .	makes me feel all festive .	0.00
democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state 's congressional delegation .	the texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 democratic .	2.600
how can i stop this shower faucet leak ?	how do i remove this shower fixture ?	1
26 palestinian prisoners released from israeli prison	palestinian prisoner dies of cancer , unrest in israel jails	1
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves .	4.500
6.1-magnitude quake strikes indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia -- usgs	4.2
a woman is eating .	a animal is eating .	1.600
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity .	4
have unlawful sex with a prostitute	have unlawful sex with a whore .	4.500
a casual , brief meeting with someone	a casual or unexpected convergence .	2.500
`` this is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . ''	`` this case is wholly without merit , both factually and legally , '' judge denny chin scoffed .	3.250
the man drilled holes into the wood .	a man drills wood .	4.200
a physical difficulty or obstacle	get despite difficulties or obstacles .	2.8
a woman is cutting some herbs .	a woman is chopping cilantro .	2.800
libya : un orders investigation into libya rights abuses	india 's top court orders investigation into job scam , deaths	0
originally posted by solinvictus the messahe of all the scriptures is oneness .	originally posted by solinvictus ah .	2.4
prosecutors contended that mr. durst had plotted the murder to assume mr. black 's identity .	prosecutors maintained that durst murdered black to try to assume black 's identity .	4.750
we do have a disparity of `` justice '' in this nation , a severe one .	the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one .	1.20
the answer to your question is : it depends on how the writer works .	at first , i thought this is a bit of a tricky question .	0.80
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .	4.2
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
make less emotionally hostile ; win over mentally or emotionally .	make less hostile ; win over .	4.250
only one terminal is involved in the circuit .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	0.60
a tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother .	a young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her .	1.6
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience	exhibit recognition for ( an antigen or a substrate ) .	1.2
radio : israel set to increase palestinian prisoner release	us : israel to delay palestinian prisoner release	1.60
a group of people are wearing bunny ears .	a group of people ride in a race	0.80
a black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .	the black and white dog has a stick in his paws .	3.00
the battery is not closed the bulb is .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	2.20
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive .	4.800
the company will launch 800 hot spots , or `` wi-fi zones , '' later this summer , and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year .	the service will launch later this summer with 800 locations , and sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year .	3.000
yes , it 's about dilution .	er , that 's not how dilution works .	1.8
the new servers will run either linux or the x86 version of solaris , he said .	the servers can run solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system .	4.308
shares of allergan fell 14 cents to close at $ 78.12 on the new york stock exchange ( news - web sites ) .	shares of allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the new york stock exchange .	3.250
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we can see the commission 's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 october , with the commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the members with regard to access to documents .	4.800
police believe wilson shot reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .	police believe wilson then shot jennie mae robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .	3.000
aventis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .	aventis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .	3.600
a group of people are dancing .	women are dancing outside .	3.000
there are several sheared sheep in a pen .	three white sheep in an enclosure .	2.4
a man is walking with a horse .	a man is leading a horse around by it 's halter .	3.750
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.83
cause to be in a state or location	put into a certain place or abstract location .	2.2
how will conservatives respond to the issues ?	but conserv wo n't address these issues .	2.40
a person is frying a meat in the pan .	a man is cutting a vegetable .	0.600
the committee was appointed by defense secretary donald rumsfeld under orders from congress .	the public hearing is the second for the panel created by defense secretary donald rumsfeld under pressure from congress .	2.600
a sculpture of a human or animal	a sculpture representing a human or animal .	4.8
the crown of a flowering plant	the reduction of something 's value or worth .	0
come or bring back to life , health , existence or use	cause to regain consciousness .	2.250
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore .	according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore .	3.4
ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	ukraine protesters topple lenin statue in kiev	2.60
the battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	2.80
mailblocks was founded five years after webtv was acquired by microsoft for $ 425 million .	webtv was sold to microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called msn tv .	2.800
move into and stay in a particular position	concentrate on a particular place or spot .	2.6
russia warns it may not sign landmark un arms treaty	un closes in on landmark arms treaty	1.60
a man is riding a horse .	a man is driving a car .	1.400
a black dog is running after a white dog in the snow .	black dog chasing brown dog through snow	1.80
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation .	3.750
a woman is cutting a plastic sheet .	a woman is playing a guitar on streets .	0.500
a man is frying a tortilla .	a person is performing a card trick .	0.000
a man laying down and shooting a gun	a man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle .	3.800
yahoo ! to name google 's mayer as ceo : report	yahoo names google exec mayer as ceo	4.2
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the karamanou report .	5.000
a man jumping his dirt bike .	a man on a bike jumping through the air .	3.6
two puppies playing around in the grass	two dogs are wrestling in the grass .	4.00
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	4.909
( cause to ) fall in drops	let or cause to fall in drops .	4.500
a woman is stirring rice in a pot .	someone is putting rice in a pan .	2.769
5 us airstrikes target islamic state fighters	kurds see turkey impeding islamic state fight	1
move from one location to another	move from one place to another .	5
ny times - a sprint that is littered with pitfalls	slap shot : n.h.l . ? s sprint of a season includes pitfalls	4.2
spain asks for bank rescue	spaniard on trial for cuban dissident ’ s death	0.2
they reported symptoms of fever , headache , rash and muscle aches .	symptoms include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light .	2.333
ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year	stansted : ryanair reports 13 % rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year	3.4
a tale of two passes : how the new york giants won the super bowl	lesser of two evils triumphs in super bowl	1.4
a man plays a trumpet .	a man is playing a musical instrument .	3.400
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	3.80
ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that linux is a threat to microsoft .	in the memo , ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to microsoft .	3.000
they said the child was taken to nassau county medical center for observation .	the boy was taken to nassau university medical center , where staff said he was `` doing okay . ''	3.400
egypt 's coptic pope shenuda iii dies	egypt prepares to bury coptic pope shenuda iii	3.6
los angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	los angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats	5.00
iran warns of spillover of possible war on syria	iranian delegation heads to lebanon , syria	1.80
an established or recognized right , formal or informal .	an established or recognized right .	4.4
a man and woman is riding in a car .	a woman is frying shrimp .	0.400
the man is eating pizza .	a man is eating a slice of pizza .	4.800
because it buld a was in a closed path with a battery .	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	4.40
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .	the gravy train really is all out of gravy .	3.10
u.s. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on friday as wall street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in north america .	u.s. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on friday , as wall street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in north america .	3.600
the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something .	1.8
a car is parking .	a cat is playing .	0.000
a man is playing a guitar .	someoen is playing guitar .	3.600
breivik drops far-right salute in court	breivik gets 21-year sentence	1
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	the large europa pax today , just as the current pan-european prosperity , depends on it .	5.000
my answer would be depending on which gre are you referring to ?	the problem i see with the gres is that the scoring range is highly compressed .	1.00
tornadoes level homes in oklahoma , 1 dead	tornadoes hit kan. , okla. ; no injuries reported	3.20
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other areas , the charia is imposed .	3.750
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are poor , sick and uncultivated .	4.800
an abundance or profusion of something	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon .	1
a terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	1.00
man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .	a man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .	4.60
lucky joe likes to predict the colour of the ball he selects and he is 80 % accurate .	joe records all of his results and about 0.5 % of the time he accidently records the wrong results .	1
pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed .	mitzna and party secretary ophir pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed .	3.600
sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .	you could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you .	2
the cradle of liberty council is n't the first one to buck the national group 's stance .	philadelphia 's council is not the first to defy the national policy .	3.400
is it possible to do a master 's in mathematics after a bachelor 's in economics ?	can i get a master 's in economics with a bachelor 's in mathematics ?	5
put a little love in your heart we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	landon and so this is christmas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	2.8
good grief ! charlie brown voice actor charged - # law # legal	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4.6
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard . alternatively , an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard . in this frame , the agent , entity , or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale .	fill or meet a want or need	1.2
china 's health ministry said five more people had died of sars and a further 159 were infected .	on monday , china said nine more people had died from sars and that 160 more were infected with the virus .	3.000
but the cancer society said its study had been misused .	the american cancer society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways .	2.250
17 killed in us drone attack on yemen wedding party	u.s. drone mistakenly kills 14 in yemen wedding convoy	4.00
romney wins big in puerto rico primary	romney wins illinois primary	1.5
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , mr commissioner .	5.000
a man is mowing a lawn .	a man is mixing .	0.800
if you can get over the `` ick factor , '' you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand .	the npk numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent , by weight , of nitrogen , p2o5 and k2o , respectively .	2.00
a temporary debarment , revoking of a privilege	a temporary debarment ( from a privilege or position etc ) .	4.8
the reason for this is that russian is a much more tonal language than english .	although i am quite fluent in russian , i would n't say english sound particularly 'cold ' to me .	1.60
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential .	4.750
a deer jumps a fence .	a deer is jumping over a fence .	5.00
a must read ! by ! how # turkey can make peace with the # kurds	op-ed contributor : how turkey can make peace with the kurds	4.2
according to law enforcement officials , the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker .	according to law enforcement officials , the individual decrypted passwords on the server .	2.667
the department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for allstate texas lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for state farm lloyds .	the department ordered a 12 percent reduction for state farm lloyds , the state 's largest insurer , and an 18.2 percent reduction for allstate texas lloyds , the third-largest .	3.600
ignore the headline : more than 220 ... click on the link for updated via cnn . we 're seeing the numbers climb higher ...	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	0.8
a smiling woman holding a small baby .	two smiling women holding a baby .	3
a red train driving through a snow covered city .	the train is riding on the tracks in the snow .	3.2
a woman is swinging her arms .	a woman is slicing an onion .	0.800
# cuba restricts travel for 'skilled ' people	cuba limits travel for athletes , workers	3
turn the paddle or oar .	turn the paddle ; in canoeing .	3.8
a man is dancing .	a man is eating bread .	0.800
the entrusted muslim brotherhood	egypt deploys troops to suez to quell 'out of control ' clashes	0
the act of lifting something	the act of testing something .	0.8
black bird sitting on a concrete slab .	small dog sitting next to white wall .	0.8
insignificant to you maybe .	insignificant 20 bucks a week is n't ?	1.60
egypt braces for 'friday of anger ' after carnage	egypt braces for friday of anger after bloody crackdown	4
these are tickets to the archaeological sites of epidaurus ( which includes the still in use theatre ) and mycenae .	i guess those are greek tickets ( εισιτηριον ) for excavation sites or museums .	2.60
a teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .	a young child running along the shore at a beach	1.80
create a mess or disorder	make a mess of or create disorder in .	5
inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .	inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .	3
so many places to go ...	the 46 places to go in 2013	1
a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .	people stand outside a bookstore .	0.8
maybe they do n't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings ?	maybe they do n't like race baiting ?	3.00
they have not been that according to the opposition .	the fact is that dividends have been cut .	0
suicide bomber kills 12 in nigeria church	suicide bomber kills 21 in nw pakistan	0.75
the work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .	and perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of europe .	0
in turn suse will license java 2 standard edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute sun 's java virtual machine for running java applications .	nuremberg , germany-based suse will license sun 's java 2 standard edition ( j2se ) and ship sun 's java virtual machine across its linux software line .	3.750
lance armstrong stripped of tour de france titles	lance armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles	1.4
when the switch is in the path of the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.80
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.26666666666667
syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town	syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town	4
the arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at selenski 's mount olivet road home .	kerkowski and fassett 's bodies were unearthed at selenski 's mount olivet road home on june 5 .	1.500
boy with glasses typing on a computer .	a boy looking at a computer screen .	3.2
marc garber , whitley 's attorney , had a different view .	whitley 's attorney , marc garber , called the ruling `` a huge victory . ''	1.750
a man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .	man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse .	0.80
a child is waking up .	a girl is waking up .	3.200
because of the chemical in the battery	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.60
greece suspends state broadcaster	greece to close state broadcaster to save money	4.20
manning sentenced to 35 years in prison	ariel castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison	0.4
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	this leaves the opposition conservative without any effective response .	5.000
the act of testing something .	the act of climbing something .	0
the bizarre world of online relationships : image of manti te'o becomes a puzzle as theories swirl	image of manti te ? o becomes puzzle as theories swirl	3.8
nytimes : great obit on dear abby .	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	2.2
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.80
someone standing on a snowy mountain , watching a plane .	a man stands on a mountain , watching a plane .	4.4
you are what you divulge about yourself .	you are what you divulgues subject to tone	3
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive .	4.800
the other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .	since the pagerank is the most important algorithms which is used in the google engine .	0
a person is drawing on a large touchscreen .	a man is drawing on a digital dry erase board .	3.000
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	jingle bell rock by bobby helm we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .	5.000
because the the circuit is complete .	the path is not closed	1.80
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville thought that on the long run , nothing can be really opposed to this tendency .	4.500
aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .	aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .	5.000
the aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements .	the annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements .	5.000
the red train and the yellow train on on the tracks .	two trains are traveling on the track .	3.4
queen beatrix of the netherlands to abdicate for son	queen beatrix of the netherlands abdicates in favour of son	5
it does sound like your cat is upset about something , and trying to communicate it to you .	something is bothering your cat and he does not like it .	3.80
a woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking .	an older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove .	3.800
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the flute .	1.643
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	d 'other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge .	3.500
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation .	4.750
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east .	russia is a member of the nsg .	2.2
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	without doubt , just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and , in this case , the us proposal was a watered-down proposal , which is totally unacceptable for europe .	4.600
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster .	4.000
a group of people are camping out on some rocks .	a group of people are standing beside a fire truck .	1.20
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 17h30 .	5.000
canadian freight train blast death toll hits three , to rise	canadian government 'monitoring ' train blast situation	2.20
incorporate or enclose one thing in another	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating .	1.750
a woman is putting her baby in a waste bin .	the woman is poking holes in the potato .	0.000
how could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death .	in my 200 l fresh water tank , which is an aggressive tank , fish occasionally get harassed to death .	1.40
the best way i have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling .	soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water .	3.20
an rising star on london 's thespian scene tells his story of - being bin laden	op-ed contributor : i played osama bin laden in ? zero dark thirty ?	2.8
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon .	4.250
13 killed in afgan terror attack	6 killed in afghan capital mosque attack	2
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not want to even integrate it in the treaty , which proves that this text was to be put on side .	4.200
the act of grasping into one 's arms	the trait of wasting resources .	0
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , too , seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime .	4.750
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it goes trial on 8 january of next year . it is accused of having participated in a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , as indeed it denies .	4.400
a person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife .	someone is putting ingredients into a wok .	0.750
a man plays a guitar .	a man plays the piano .	1.400
in n.a.a.c.p. , industry gets ally against soda ban i 'm not one of them !	in court , n.a.a.c.p . adds voice against bloomberg ? s soda ban	3.6
in 2006 , the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sales .	in 2006 , asia pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion .	2.000
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions .	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions .	3.8
oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition	oppose , as in hostility or a competition .	4.6
the other research - the university of california , berkeley , claims also to be researching in a new adhesive .	the other recherche- the university of california , berkeley , and it also , in the search for a new removed .	1
want , desire or perfer to do something	a disagreement or argument about something important .	0
the human act of making something new .	the speech act of making something evident .	1.26666666666667
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	( it ) the british labour members of the group of the party of european socialists is very welcome to the contribution that they have continuous work of the igc on the cooperation , without all the details of this .	3.800
i use elinchrom skyports , but if money is not an issue then go for pocketwizards .	or just go with the ultra-cheap yongnuo rf-602 , which give you a lot of bang for the buck .	1.20
two dogs swim in a pool .	dogs are swimming in a pool .	4.200
pratt & whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to europe , with final assembly in germany .	pratt & whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to european suppliers , with final assembly in germany .	3.600
not really , most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens .	there seems no hope in these areas .	0.60
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment .	1.2
walk heavily and firmly ( like a cat ) as when weary or over soft terrain .	walk heavily and firmly , as when weary , or through mud .	3.8
generosity , love of life were vibrants features of the actor .	generosity , love of life are vibrants features of the actor disappeared .	3
supreme court takes on affirmative action in michigan ban case	supreme court to hear michigan affirmative action case	4.40
a man is walking along a path through wilderness .	a man is peeling an onion .	0.750
the reduction of the extent of something , e.g , its size , importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower .	4.4
set forth as an introduction or preface	stir the feelings , emotions , or peace of .	0
a man is holding a frog .	a man is emptying a plastic container .	0.600
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation .	4.000
again , bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path .	3.00
combine so as to form a more complex product	combine so as to form a whole ; mix .	4.6
returning zing to dutch cooking ? let ? s go dutch ? ? # gartine	putting spice into dutch cooking	4.2
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	1.40
the lady put the baby int a trashcan .	a woman puts a baby in a trash can .	5.000
the iaea report is restricted .	the killers escaped .	0
with the power back on , state workers headed back to their jobs friday morning .	pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job friday morning .	2.600
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the sound of knocking ( as on a door or in an engine or bearing ) .	3.2
a brown and white dog with a pink frisbee in it 's mouth is humping over a man 's back .	a dog with a frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .	3.00
the two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	4.80
a woman is slicing butter .	a woman slices tofu .	1.800
a dog bounds across the brown grass .	two dogs bound across the grass .	2.60
it 's jail time , charlie brown	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	3
man arrested over double murder	wa man arrested in police drug raid	0.8
israel frees palestinian prisoners	gov't committee approves release of 26 palestinian prisoners	3.4
us senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive	us senate has rare sunday session days amid fiscal impasse	3.6
the men are performing on stage .	the comedic mimes performed on stage .	2.600
the nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from to years .	the nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from to .	2.2
terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the final objective of a european constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we can not approve it .	4.800
a girl riding a brown horse .	the jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse .	2.2
air canada , the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .	the no . 11 airline in the world , air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .	4.250
just ca n't stop feeling this way .	wish i could stop thinking this way .	4.00
bring , lead , or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action .	bring , lead , or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life , conduct , and adopt a right one .	5
barbini 's comments came tuesday , the second day of the ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology .	u.s. agriculture secretary ann veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday .	1.800
south africa train crash kills at least 19	south africa train crash kills 26	3.6
but software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	5.000
to hunt snipe	hunt or shoot snipe .	4.000
palm wednesday announced plans to acquire handspring , a company started by jeff hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the palm handheld .	palm said on wednesday it plans to buy handspring , a company created by renegade palm co-founder jeff hawkins .	4.000
i dont understand where my parents money goes !	i would n't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though !	0.80
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape . this frame includes natural geographic features , including land/ice forms and bodies of water .	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water	0.8
the person is riding the horse .	a man is riding a horse .	3.800
a surprisingly refreshing view from old johnny howard . i went after guns . obama can , too .	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too .	2.4
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	3.20
two puppies are playing with each other .	some men are playing soccer .	0.200
slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the czech republic .	slovakia is not doomed to remain in the second group , and it is logical that it wants to join the union at the same time as the czech republic .	4.800
the cat played with a watermelon .	a cat is playing with a watermelon .	4.800
jared diamond book worth reading ? `` the world until yesterday ''	? the world until yesterday , ? by jared diamond	3.8
this is not a good idea .	but it is not a good idea .	5
a dog is looking around	a dog is watching a store counter .	1.600
a boy is cutting paper .	a man is loading a rifle .	0.000
two puppies playing with a plastic bag .	two dogs playing in a yard .	3.00
the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	the lady broke raw eggs into a bowl .	4.800
thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	therefore , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	5
can livestrong survive lance armstrong doping admission ?	livestrong has life after lance	3.2
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	putin 's russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years .	5.000
a girl is playing a guitar .	a boy is playing a key-board between the people .	1.000
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	to be muslim and islamiste are two different things .	5.000
it depends on whether its an open or closed path	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	1.40
a man is riding a horse by a creek .	a man is riding a horse .	4.000
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain developed in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	4.400
if it 's a bill gates comdex keynote , it must be time for new tablet pcs .	if it 's the sunday night before comdex , it must be time for yet another bill gates keynote .	3.067
schumacher in a coma after ski accident	michael schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident	4
any tall , vertical shape	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower .	3.500
former indiana rep. frank mccloskey , 64 , died sunday in bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer .	mccloskey died sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer .	3.250
obama signs up for obamacare	americans scramble to sign up for obamacare by deadline	1.2
the vulnerability affects windows nt 4.0 , nt 4.0 terminal services edition , xp and 2000 , as well as windows server 2003 .	microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability , which affects windows nt 4.0 , windows nt 4.0 terminal services edition , windows 2000 , windows xp and windows server 2003 .	2.750
world stocks rise on hopes fed to keep stimulus	fed expected to maintain stimulus	1
the animal with the big eyes is eating .	a slow loris is eating .	2.600
dozens injured in connecticut train collision	indian minister killed in head-on collision	0.20
jesus ... at least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil .	scores dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil	4.4
if a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .	each item in the vector represents a different keyword .	1
my final word : ignoring has the effect of normalizing .	taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing .	0.4
a woman cuts up some vegetables .	a woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker .	1.000
what exactly is going on in mali ? @	french say airstrikes in mali ? blocked ? rebel advance	1.6
swiss tourist 'gang-raped ' in india	swiss tourist gang raped in india , say police	5
cause of whitney houston 's death could take weeks	investigators seek answers to whitney houston 's death	1.8
there is a closed path , with switch z , that contains bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing a , c , z and the battery	3.20
manning sentenced to 35 years for leaking government secrets	briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors	1
why did that transaction take place .	did the transaction take place ?	2.4
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity .	5.000
allergy-bullying ? apparently this is a real problem .	allergy bullying : when food is a weapon	3
a man performs on a stage .	a man guts a fish .	0.400
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we might then have to avoid a disaster .	3.714
olivia colman wins second bafta award	baftas 2013 : olivia colman picks up two awards	4.40
during the same quarter last year , eds declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .	eds reported a first-quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .	1.500
syrians trade blame over blasts	israel braces for arab protests	0.2
how do i replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?	how to replace recessed halogen light from an eyeball fixture ?	3
microsoft said friday that it is halting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computer 's safari browser .	microsoft will stop developing versions of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple 's safari is now all that apple needs .	4.000
in probability theory , bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	4
provide ( a person or group ) with power or authority	provide with power and authority .	4.500
make a ticking sound	make a clicking or ticking sound .	5.000
two racing dogs run in the mud .	the man is going into the water .	0.00
philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460 : un	philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000	3.40
north korea shuns offer of talks	north korea shoots 2 rockets	1.20
someone drew on washington 's face on the dollar .	a person draws on a dollar bill .	3.400
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article .	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying , my friend .	1.80
a black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner .	a black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting	4.00
more than 30 striking miners killed	more than 30 striking miners killed in south africa	3.8
a laptop computer and a computer monitor .	a laptop and a pc at a workstation .	2.6
a woman is putting on makeup .	a band is singing .	0.000
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something .	0
a orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .	a ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair .	3.8
the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone .	the act of removing or getting rid of something .	0.2
the woman is riding a horse .	a man is riding a horse in an arena .	2.000
three more us soldiers killed in afghanistan	nato soldier killed in afghanistan	1.8
how does paying credit card in full vs paying with interest will affect your credit score ?	will paying off a credit card early affect my credit score ?	3
three cows grazing in a field .	several sheep grazing in the field .	0.8
part 4 : answers to your questions about the # fafsa # finaid # scchat	the choice blog : part 4 : answers to your questions about the fafsa	4.6
dixon was otherwise the class of the field at pikes peak international raceway .	scott dixon eventually made winning the honda indy 225 look easy sunday at pikes peak international raceway .	2.800
amd loose both of us .	and of course the poppy propaganda .	0.00
russia unveils $ 30 billion oil link to pacific	russia unveils $ 25bn oil link to pacific	3.4
yorkshire soldier killed in afghan bomb blast	soldier killed in afghanistan blast	3.6
change ( dramatically ) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values .	4.6
cause to come into existence ; create	bring into being .	3.250
the man is peeling an apple .	a man peels an apple .	5.000
13 dead in iraq bomb attacks	16 killed in north iraq attacks	1.8
two dogs playing in the snow .	two black dogs in the snow .	4.00
a man is playing a flute .	a man is riding a scooter .	0.800
moreover , if right side of naomi fascinates me .	`` because it fascinates me , ''	1
you are on the right path .	you 're right on about the sample definition .	0
a girl is dancing in a cage .	a onion is being chopped .	0.000
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	2
suicide attack kills eight in baghdad	suicide attacks kill 24 people in baghdad	2.40
'grenade attack ' kills one and injures at least 11	sex attack on woman investigated	0.2
pcb appoints waqar younis as head coach	waqar younis back as pakistan coach	5.00
us senate approves fiscal cliff deal	it 's official : deal reached on `` fiscal cliff ''	3.4
2 dead , 2 injured in nevada middle school shooting	nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting	5
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role .	serve a purpose , role , or function ;	2.2
my parents have told me it is bad for you .	my teachers have told me it is bad for you .	2.8
a man is speaking .	a man is dancing .	1.200
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .	a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .	5.00
intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity .	according to frederick herzberg 's two-factor theory of motivation , intrinsic rewards are motivators ( e.g .	2.60
protests at pussy riot verdict	pussy riot verdict greeted with defiance	3.4
rehearse , learn by repetition	learn by repetition .	4.250
a man is erasing a chalk board .	a woman is dancing , and singing .	0.364
clearly , explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	it is obviously necessary to clarify the reasons for the increase in the incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	5.000
what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?	-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?	5
philadelphia building collapses , 8-10 people may be trapped	philadelphia building collapses ; reports of people trapped	4
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing .	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing ( duties , questions , or issues ) .	4.250
british stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap	british stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in alps	4
a pankda is eating bamboo .	a panda bear is eating some bamboo .	4.200
likewise , the 30-year bond < us30yt=rr > slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .	the 30-year bond us30yt=rr jumped 20/32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .	1.800
based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in august to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .	labor department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fell in august to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .	3.750
a man is staring at a leaf .	a man is slicing a vegetable .	0.800
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness	a system of units used to express the weight of something .	4.000
a little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .	a girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .	1.40
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	we are now witnessing the change of muslim identity for an islamic identity .	5.000
the bird is sitting on the branch .	the sheep is standing under the trees .	0
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite .	mushy has to be the odds on favorite .	4.20
former lapd officer sought in irvine slayings	former cia officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak	0
what is limbaugh 's or beck 's `` intent '' when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration , or the president himself , and create an entire show about it ?	moving on ... '' what is limbaugh 's or beck 's `` intent '' when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration , ... ''	4.20
a man is cutting an onion .	a man is cutting a plantain .	3.667
for the entire season , the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles , franklin said .	`` the average track error for the five-day ( forecast ) is 323 nautical miles .	1.750
moscow 's crimea success could lead to it redrawing ukraine 's eastern border	merkel : russian actions could lead to a catastrophe	2.60
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison .	if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison .	3.80
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .	4.800
hong kong was flat , australia , singapore and south korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent .	australia was flat , singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and south korea added 0.2 percent .	2.400
someone is slicing a onion .	someone is carrying a fish .	0.750
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article .	i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story , all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article .	2.67
make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable .	make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable by adding something else ; moderate .	3.8
an empty office cubicle .	an empty office chair in a cubicle .	3
holy crap ! : ( `` 2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central london ''	helicopter crashes in london rush hour	3.6
the act of swallowing liquid	the act of swallowing .	4.250
honestly where are people 's rights being ruined in obama ? s gun control proposal	what ? s in obama ? s gun control proposal	3.6
7 detained for 'house sister ' scandal	china detains 7 for `` house sister '' scandal	4.2
this frame contains items which , when manipulated , alter the funtion of some device , internal or external .	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine ;	1.6
what is the best way to toast pecans ?	what is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?	0
the aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements .	the report aims to identify such improvements .	4.200
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates .	4.750
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	two dogs fighting in the snow .	2.20
obama jokes about himself at reporters ' dinner	obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner	2.2
iran excluded from syria peace talks : un	many killed in syrian air strike	0.40
at least six dead in us shooting rampage	at least 20 dead in somalia attacks	0.40
on may 1 , he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon .	he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff , and walked some six miles down the canyon near canyonlands national park in southeastern utah .	3.750
because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete .	there is an incomplete circuit	3.00
3 dead , 1 hurt in shooting at s carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead , 30 injured in train collision near moscow	0.20
make accessible to some action , influence , or condition	expose or make accessible to some action or influence .	4.750
because there is a light bulb	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	0.40
gov . rick perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the lottery commission .	gov . rick perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be `` hard-pressed '' to veto the lottery sunset bill .	3.800
the history of temp agencies : using the sexism of the '60s to expand `` right under the noses of powerful labor unions . ''	opinionator | the great divide : the rise of the permanent temp economy	1
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , it is necessary to say “ not ” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country , because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits .	4.400
nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the university of stanford and not to google .	however , the patent is assigned to stanford university and not to google .	5
the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of cracking something .	0
a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose . the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade , including another tool .	what something is used for ;	2.4
protesters gather in brazil despite concessions	protests sweep brazil despite concession	5.00
a man and woman are eating at a table .	a couple are eating a meal and talking .	3.000
join or bring together ( two ) objects , ideas , or people	bring two objects , ideas , or people together .	5.000
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as the european parliament , in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , that they initiatives does the council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the un peace plan ?	4.400
the other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called `` public '' board members .	of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives , half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members .	4.000
the sia says the dram market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .	the americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .	1.200
a dog swims through the water .	a dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .	1.40
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we congratulate the provisions proposed in this respect by the committee and by the general assembly of the united nations with regard to the method of non-governmental organisations , and the extraordinary session of september 2001 .	4.000
how about some testimonies from real health experts ?	also , who 's to say there are n't testimonies from `` real '' health experts on there ?	3
the blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .	a red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the american flag .	2.80
white house in damage control over obama supreme court remarks	fact check : obama 's supreme court remarks	3.6
what is your definition of `` life '' ?	what 's your definition of nature ?	1.2
the man is shooting an automatic rifle .	a man is shooting a gun .	3.800
arthur benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , said he will appeal .	an attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal .	3.667
the front face of a building	the face or front of a building .	5.000
senate confirms yellen as fed head	us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair	4.2
woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .	woman in a black dress walking on the street .	3.80
make a written note of something	make a written note of .	4
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the ministry for equal opportunities .	4.600
yes , they are both different .	opinions are different .	1.2
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.500
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of community legislation , as it makes reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	4.400
people who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new u.s. guidelines published on wednesday .	people who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better , according to new u.s. guidelines published on wednesday .	3.000
a young girl holds up a peace sign .	a little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .	0.60
9 dead , 11 hurt , 4 missing in mont blanc avalanche	6 dead , several missing in mont blanc avalanche	2.4
a cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor .	a man is pouring oil into a pan .	0.000
`` unlike many early-stage internet firms , google is believed to be profitable .	the privately held google is believed to be profitable .	3.600
obama to meet with china‚äôs xi in california june 7-8	obama to meet ukrainian prime minister at white house	2.20
( cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .	4.2
a machine is sharpening a pencil .	a girl is riding a bicycle .	0.000
a monkey is swinging from limb to limb .	a monkey is swinging from tree to tree .	3.400
the appropriate ph level of the water does vary a bit by fish , but too acidic can definitely kill them .	the info you 've been given in the previous answers is good .	0.00
how can i prepare this old exterior wall for painting ?	how do i prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?	3
the act of moving , turning something	the act of retaining something .	0
a mental activity of construing or interpreting	an interpretation of a text or action .	3.250
women to face higher car insurance premiums	women drivers to face insurance premium rise	5
a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .	5
a lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .	a woman is stirring meat in a bowl .	4.000
black and white cat lying under bush .	the black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt .	2.4
a person who is a member of the senate	a person who is a member of a partnership .	0.4
a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .	a man stands next to a yellow corvette .	4
how to deal with the child when both the parents are not on the same page ?	how to deal with the toddler when me and my partner are not on the same page ?	4
a man is jumping rope outside .	a woman is slicing a cucumber .	0.000
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .	0.750
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which just does not .	3.400
the hare psychopathy checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings .	from an article entitled can you call a 9-year-old a psychopath ?	1.80
a black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase .	a black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep .	0.6
israeli forces detain 5 palestinians in west bank	israeli forces arrest five palestinians across west bank	4.8
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	it has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies .	4.667
benjamin rush , physician and american revolutionary leader .	physician and american revolutionary leader ; signer of the declaration of independence ( 1745-1813 ) .	3.000
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is cutting meat .	2.000
what makes you think the owl did n't participate ?	it does n't say that it did n't participate .	1.6
a person who is aggressively pursued , chased	a person who is the aim of an attack ( especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation ) by some hostile person or influence .	3.333
form an aesthetic or conceptual whole .	cause to form a united , orderly , and aesthetically consistent whole .	3.750
animals are playing in water .	two men are playing ping pong .	0.000
eu heaps new sanctions on syria	eu imposes new sanctions on syrian regime	4.4
a girl is running on a desert path .	a young girl is talking on a cell phone .	0.80
what goes in a student success statement for a faculty application ?	what is a good length for the statement of purpose in a u.s. phd application ?	2
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder whether the commissioner already provides for steps to show that we regard kostunica as the legally elected representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the european union must now address .	4.400
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws .	5.000
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia .	3.6
entail as a necessary accompaniment or result	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result .	3.750
iraq army fights to retake tikrit	iraq army claims victory in tikrit	3.20
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those who work currently out a job in social conditions .	4.000
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the ultimate goal of a european constitution would be exactly the opposite and , of course , we can not approve it .	5.000
mr. bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was `` very methodical . ''	gbi spokesman john bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .	4.000
food poisoning kills at least 20 children in india	baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38	0.00
the report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the hong kong government 's handling of the sars crisis .	a long awaited report on the hong kong government 's handling of the sars outbreak has been released .	2.750
the positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4 .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	5.00
there is a gap in the circuit	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	3.60
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are culture , poor and sick .	4.000
take that texas . white house rejects petitions to secede , but texans fight on	texas secession movement unbowed by white house rejection	3.8
a black , flat screen television placed on the floor .	a flat screen tv on the floor .	4
kerry to visit jordan , israel-palestinian peace on agenda	kerry postpones visit to israel in one week	2.5
the act of putting something to use .	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger .	0.6
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond the geographical division , at local level .	3.750
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’ .	4.750
mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville .	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville .	4.000
`` the economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .	but the economy has n't shown signs of sustainable growth .	4.750
gas cylinder blast on pakistan school bus kills 17	deadly gas cylinder blast hits pakistan school bus	3.8
( applause )	i have already replied to this point and i agree entirely with what he said about the need to improve considerably the public debate i will not repeat what i said , but it is true that , all too often , citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in bodies that they do not know .	0.000
if convicted of the spying charges , he could face the death penalty .	the charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty .	3.600
a man is jumping into water .	a man is cutting paper .	0.800
@ frank apisa , what you want to call it is up to you .	@ cyracuz , what you want to call it is up to you .	2.5
a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable .	discipline in personal and social activities ;	0.2
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but just as the european union itself , and this will happen .	3.750
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which , in turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level .	4.600
three dead , including gunman , in maryland mall shooting	3 dead in maryland mall shooting	4.2
( the act of making ) a measurement of something .	the act of making up your mind about something .	1
myanmar is a military state .	myanmar has a military junta .	3
the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday where donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .	the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday , when donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds .	4.800
after that , college president paul pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .	after hedges ' microphone was unplugged for a second time , pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .	3.400
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed in a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	4.000
leave undone or leave out	fail to do something ; leave something undone .	4
a man is riding a bike .	a woman is riding a horse .	1.400
the man is slicing the tape from the box .	a man is cutting open a box .	4.333
bulbs a and c will still be on their own completed circuts .	bulbs a and c are in a closed path	2.40
copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties ( heats quickly , distributes heat evenly , etc .	probably subjective , but ... good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper .	1.40
does this sound like the sensible option .	so what does this have to do with newt ?	0.40
9,000 u.s. marines to leave okinawa	9,000 u.s. marines to move out of okinawa : statement	5
un chief finds his voice , remains cautious on china	insight : u.n. chief finds his voice , but remains cautious on china	4.8
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but as the european union itself , build and happen .	3.500
tom kasmer , a 14-year-old from belmont , n.c. , got a word that sounded like `` zistee '' during yesterday 's competition .	the 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in belmont , n.c. , got a word that sounded like `` zistee '' during competition wednesday .	3.750
repsol blasts argentina over nationalization of ypf	repsol blasts argentina over oil nationalization	3.4
a girl jumps on a car .	a girl is jumping onto a car .	4.800
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	it is a disgrace when we think that the european union raises champion of the modernisation of economic life !	4.400
a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .	a women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background .	0
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	we can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself .	4.750
the new law also seeks to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it will establish a committee , which will ensure the supervision of the funds .	the new law also provides to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it establishes a committee , which will ensure the supervision of the funds .	5
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white .	but it seems it would have less `` impact '' if they did n't call him white .	2.2
three people are by the water with yellow canoes .	three people preparing to canoe .	3
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	it has been an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years .	4.750
the black and white cows pause in front of the gate .	the white airplane is flying in the sky .	0
two surfers on riding a small wave .	two surfers perform tricks in the waves .	3.60
( cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .	4.4
tokyo stocks open down 0.24 %	tokyo stocks open up 0.52 %	2.80
someone is cleaning a animal .	a woman is cleaning a shrimp .	2.800
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions .	4.000
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , it is necessary to say `` no '' to the concept to accept at the same time an important group of countries , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits .	4.800
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	the uk labour members of the pse group welcome the favourable response given to the contribution they have made to the continuing work of the igc on closer cooperation , without adhering fully to all the details of this .	4.600
the reason kindles exist : the onion 's tossing out an e-book biography of biden	artsbeat : biden getting an autobiography from the onion ( whether he wants it or not )	2.8
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) .	russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe .	1.8
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.400
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur ; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible .	3.750
also missing is al larsen , 31 , of fort worth , texas , who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike .	the other victim recovered tuesday morning was al larsen , 31 , of fort worth , texas .	2.200
china 's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on `` dual-use '' nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism .	2.4
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i should like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.500
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report/ratio van orden ( a5-0241/2000 )	4.500
the woman is slicing tofu .	the woman is putting on lipstick .	0.400
suspected al-qaeda financier arrested in france	three al qaeda suspects arrested in spain	1.6
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .	3.8
cover completely ; form a cover over ; expand over .	form a carpet-like cover ( over ) .	3.6
hague 'concerns over conduct ' of zimbabwe election	zimbabwe : 'grave concerns ' over election	2.80
greece votes in crucial election	greece looks set for repeat election	1.8
state education commissioner kent king said wednesday that the scores on the missouri assessment program tests disappointed him .	missouri education commissioner kent king said he was disappointed by the scores .	3.200
when did i compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder ?	i compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder .	2.6
a man is kicking a soccer ball .	a man is mixing a bowl .	0.600
they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .	and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .	4.250
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .	2.6
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a keyboard .	1.800
two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .	two people riding their bikes on a hill .	3.40
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( the parliament adopts the legislative resolution )	4.000
really ? man says he 's 'certain ' where hoffa is buried	man convicted in mob crimes says he 's 'certain ' where hoffa is buried	4
syria in ceasefire observers call	syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm	1.8
a girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of corn flakes and a carton of milk .	a girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle .	0
three freed in centre abuse probe	three storey building collapses in ebute meta	0
he was listed last night in critical but stable condition at kings county hospital center , police said .	that victim , a new jersey resident , was in critical but stable condition at the hospital .	3.250
i like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job .	buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area .	0.40
when the switch is in the same path as the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.40
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type .	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity ;	0.4
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is that the european union is involved and that it will soon .	3.500
a man is kite surfing away from the camera .	a man is sky surfing on the water .	2.80
i 'm afraid we are out of luck in this one .	i think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck .	5
a child is jumping into a swimming pool .	a dog jumping into a swimming pool .	1.20
two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .	two green and white trains on tracks .	4.4
four morsi supporters killed in egypt clashes	dozens injured as morsi supporters clash with security forces	2.2
how # vine video may change twitter # in	6 ways vine 's six seconds may change twitter	3.8
a military fortification , stronghold	a stronghold .	3.250
from florida to alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .	thousands of revellers , celebrating the decision , vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .	4.200
the act of governing , administrating	the act of liberating someone or something .	0.4
before thursday 's matinee , baker called a clubhouse meeting , concerned that the controversy had distracted the cubs .	baker called a pregame meeting , believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team .	3.400
seven peacekeepers killed in sudan 's darfur	peacekeeper killed in abyei clash	1.6
four arrested as bangladesh building toll rises to 352	owner arrested as bangladesh building toll reaches 372	2.6
two black dogs are playing on the grass .	two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .	4.60
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a flute .	1.583
the man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a cuban plane that landed in key west in april was sentenced friday to 20 years in prison .	a cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from cuba to florida in april .	4.400
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition .	be the winner in a contest or competition ; be victorious ;	2.2
now , blanca 's american husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in february by the philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .	now , blanca 's husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk of tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the philippine government in february .	4.250
the birds are swimming in the water .	birds fly low over water .	1.8
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of providing a subsidy .	0
afghans flock to colleges , even as taliban loom	afghan district governor defects to taliban	0.6
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .	two dogs are playing together in the grass .	2.20
2 traffic accidents leave 47 dead in china	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in china	2.4
lance armstrong quotes , pure gold	lance 's classic quotes	4
he said the fda was hoping congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .	he said fda hopes congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .	4.000
a means or agency by which something is communicated .	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated .	5.000
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
a man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick .	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign	0.00
i 've noticed a remarkable difference when i run on the treadmill vs when i run on the road .	a treadmill wo n't prepare you for the impact of running for real .	3.20
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540 : army	bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000	2.6
crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain .	crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel .	3.333
an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .	a group of elderly people pose around a dining table .	2.4
renowned spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies	spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies at 66	4.60
and what 's happening today is because of what happened , uh , `` backward '' .	quit listening to him because he 's such a damned negative nancy .	0.83
2 police killed in eastern afghan explosion	at least 28 people die in chinese coal mine explosion	0.4
thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .	thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .	5
i agree with seteropere completely , `` network science '' is a very broad subject .	i would say you are approaching it in the wrong way .	0.00
three dead in us marathon bomb	taliban denies involvement in boston marathon bombing	1.2
move from one location to another	transfer from one place or period to another .	3.4
identify , establish location or identity	recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something .	3.4
fine powdery material ; the remains of something destroyed or broken up .	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up .	3.500
an allotment or percentage of something	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group .	0.750
chinese stocks fall after rrr cut - may 14	chinese stocks gain at midday monday	2
the new army commander is the masaka armoured brigade commanding officer , brigadier aronda nyakairima who is now promoted to major general .	president yoweri museveni has promoted brigadier aronda nyakairima to major general and named him army commander .	3.200
the state or condition of feeling or being rushed .	the condition of being motivated .	0.6
left side of a silver train engine .	a close-up of a black train engine .	2.2
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape . this frame includes natural geographic features , including land/ice forms and bodies of water .	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow ( especially with reference to its quality or use ) ;	0.8
the physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture .	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture .	4.8
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the eu as a whole basically depend - and denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of european policy .	thirdly : the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the eu as a whole depend – the example of denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of european policy .	4.600
forex & amp ; gold 25 august 2012	forex & gold 19 july 2012	2.2
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment .	4.500
the woman is playing the flute .	a woman is playing a flute .	5.000
the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone .	0.2
brief clashes with police in belfast	mourners clash with police in tunisia	1.2
scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws .	4
7 killed , 3 injured in south china road accident	20 killed , 44 injured in philippine road accident	0.6
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we create a clear and binding framework for the member states , the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test .	4.200
a man is carrying another man on his back .	a man is taking pictures of ant .	0.400
you should just ask your boss what he wants you to do .	you should listen to your boss , because you 're not paid to tell the boss what to do .	2
death toll in building collapse in south india mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern india	2.80
no problem if mulayam forms third front : congress	no problem if mulayam forms third front : digvijay	3.2
but senate criticism of the house plan tuesday came on several fronts .	and several senate republicans are cranky about the house map .	2.750
not so good news ... . nytimes : german economy shrank in fourth quarter	german economy probably shrank in fourth quarter	4.4
i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .	respectfully submitted , steve i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .	4
on the one hand , there ’ s nothing in canon to suggest that the time turners could go forwards in time .	time turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time .	2.80
the plight of the atlanta falcons	nfl : can falcons turn it around ?	3
terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	5.00
police surround protesters in belfast ahead of g8	peaceful anti-g8 protest held in belfast	3
sevens world cup within kenya‚äôs reach	clash of styles in court opens trial in young man‚äôs death	0.00
p ( b ) is the prior or marginal probability of b , and acts to normalise the probability .	p ( a ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .	1
nato sticks to transition roadmap in afghanistan : rasmussen	nato helicopter makes hard landing in e. afghanistan	1
the act of testing something .	the act of dropping something .	0.4
indian finance minister quits to run for president	julian assange plans to run for australian senate	0.2
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be opposite and obviously we can not support it .	4.600
a few more point to think about :	a few things to think about :	5
google releases nexus 5 phone with kit kat	google redesigns search results on pcs	1.00
three men are playing guitars .	three men are on stage playing guitars .	3.750
da cnn : ' at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update '	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3
there are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight .	john cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer .	3.00
a woman is dancing in a cage .	a woman is dancing .	3.250
a cow is eating grass .	a dog is pulling a girl down a hill .	0.000
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account .	3.500
young woman in riding gear on top of horse .	young girl in riding gear on a horse .	4.4
to place the blame on the cˇtú is a fairly common in communications , through which the úohs is washing his hands of the matter .	to place the blame on the cˇtú is a fairly common trick in communications , through which the úohs is washing its hands of the matter .	5
the cognitive processes and capacity to remember .	the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered .	4.500
obama to meet privately with family of nelson mandela	obama to meet with mandela family	4.60
nato : missile battery opens on syrian border this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here .	nato : patriot missile battery operational on syrian border	3.4
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is appropriate that the european union is implied and that it does it quickly .	4.000
asian stocks rise after greek vote eases fears	oil rises after greek election result	1.4
a large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind .	a cruise ship docked at a coast .	3.4
here 's to two more years of reince penis jokes .	priebus re-elected to lead republican national committee	0.25
a skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .	a skateboarder riding up to a slope .	2.20
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
berri says ready to help launch national unity government	the perception of spain has changed dramatically with this government	0.4
japan surrendered unconditionally .	germany surrendered in april .	0.80
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	5.000
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed .	4.750
nytimes : richard g. stern , writers ? writer , dies at 84 big loss	richard g. stern , a writers ? writer , is dead at 84	4
leave to someone after one 's death .	leave or give by will after one 's death .	3.6
synthax_terror 2 : : more than 800 nyc rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes	more than 800 nyc rape cases reviewed for mistakes	4.2
in exchange , north korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .	`` in return we expect north korea to give up nuclear weapons . ''	4.750
occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .	it is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .	0
long-haired black dog standing in grassy field .	a blue jay standing in a grassy field .	1.4
a girl is playing a flute .	a girl plays a wind instrument .	3.200
change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .	4.4
a new housing boom ? don ’ t count on it - by robert j. shiller -	a new housing boom ? don ? t count on it	4.6
the euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late may .	the euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late may .	4.333
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i make an urgent appeal to the presidency to do everything in its power to fill this role .	2.400
indian stocks close lower	hong kong stocks close 2.33 % higher	1.80
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam .	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within islam .	5.000
`` the issue has been resolved , '' marlins president david samson said through a club spokesman .	the marlins only said : `` the issue has been resolved . ''	3.000
nine pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	trade : pakistan , india agree to take it a step ahead	0.8
and they definitely should n't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else 's contraception & abortions .	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions .	2.67
cash-rich apple to pay dividend , buy back shares	apple to pay $ 2.65/share dividend , buy back $ 10b stock	3.8
microsoft is seeking a virtual ( see )	microsoft is seeking a receptionist ( virtual )	3
us military aircraft hit in s. sudan , 4 wounded	us military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in south sudan	3.2
one man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .	the man wearing a blue helmet is riding a polaris .	2.80
a woman is slicing a carrot .	a man is slicing a tomato .	1.200
the hypo real estate should now pay interest on the fraction to what it would have law .	the hypo real estate must from now on pay interest on a fraction to what it has the right .	4
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only a month before , , the demands of constitutional reform in the five `` .	2.500
an author creates a text , either written , such as a letter , or spoken , such as a speech , that contains meaningful linguistic tokens , and may have a particular addressee in mind . the text may include information about its topic , although the latter is not an fe in this frame .	recite or repeat a fixed text ;	1.33333333333333
bulb c had an open path with the battery	bulb c was no longer in a closed path with the battery	4.33333333333333
batman and robin fly a helicopter over water .	a helicopter flies over water .	2.600
girl stands in subway waiting on something .	a girl stands in a dimly lit area .	2.00
a black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment .	black and brown table in living room setting .	3.2
in awe of the courageous russian lgbt rights advocates nytimes : ‘ propaganda ’ by gays faces russian curbs amid unrest	? propaganda ? by gays faces russian curbs amid unrest	3.6
some 660 prisoners from 42 countries , including canada , are held , many captured during the war against in afghanistan the al-qaida network .	some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the naval base at guantanamo bay , many captured during the war against al qaeda in afghanistan .	3.333
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans 's space industry .	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry .	4.8
the government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘ ‘ taikong , ’ ’ the chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission .	the government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong , the chinese word for space .	3.333
recover posession or get back again	get or find back ; recover the use of .	4.250
37 killed in bus crash in italy	12 killed in bus accident in pakistan	1.2
a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something .	3.2
a large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .	a white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube .	3.60
quebra tudo ! ! ! j.j. abrams to direct next ‘ star wars ’ movie	j.j. abrams to direct next 'star wars ' movie	4.8
nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies	nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94	4.6
# google gains from creating apps for # iphone . google maps is # 1 # app .	google gains from creating apps for the opposition	3.2
an aggregation of things or people	the visual appearance of something or someone .	0
a young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms .	a dog jumps into a backyard pool .	1.20
japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures	0.8
mumbai is 2nd costliest indian city to live in	tech capital bangalore costliest indian city to live in : survey	1
a small bird perched on an icy branch .	a yellow bird perched on a branch .	3.2
a black dog is running in the grass .	the black dog is running through the grass .	4.80
the feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted .	a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized .	4.750
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam .	however , a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within islam .	4.750
i voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic .	allen steele 's book hex describes a dyson sphere , but made of hexagons , 1000 miles ( k ?	0.40
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	it is a disgrace when it is believed that the european union has set itself up as a champion modernisation of economic life .	4.000
un envoy in turkey for talks on syria	nz to increase exports to china	0.2
son of us evangelist kills himself the son of popular us evangelist rick warren has killed himself .	son of popular us evangelist warren kills himself	4.40
a federal grand jury indicted them on tuesday ; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests .	federal officials said the document remained sealed until thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five western states .	3.400
a woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture .	a man stands in a crowd holding a white object .	0.40
`` biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , '' fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .	`` biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , '' said robert fraley , monsanto 's executive vice president .	3.200
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.20
a cat is drinking some water .	a truck is going down a hill .	0.000
li na to announce retirement	us senator ted cruz to announce presidential bid	0
united already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .	united has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .	4.400
position or location change	the act of changing the location of something .	3.750
that objection was cited by peoplesoft 's board in rejecting oracle 's offer .	peoplesoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .	2.750
cause something to be the case	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .	3.250
train in a station .	a train in a station .	5
nelson mandela in hospital for tests	south africa : mandela in hospital for tests	4.6
switch y is not on the path of bulb a .	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	4.33
whilst employment may be the european union ' s priority policy , fisheries , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	if employment is the political priority of the union , fishing , as an economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	4.800
no deal on teacher 's union evaluations ; nyc risks losing $ 450 million	new york city talks on teacher evaluations	1.4
u.s. senate sets off gun control debate	u.s. senate set to vote on gun control bill	3.4
a group of girls are exiting a taxi .	a video clip of rihanna leaving a taxi .	2.000
british gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 british soldiers killed in afghan insider attack	0.6
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnappings and the funding of terrorism .	iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group .	3.8
cars driving near a model building .	vehicles driving infant of an ornate building .	2.4
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc . it may be constructed for an honoree .	an account of the series of events making up a person 's life	1.6
. sinful people do not get to heaven .	or sin is removed upon entry to heaven .	1.8
physical force that draws objects together	the force by which one object attracts another .	3.8
asian muslims celebrate eid as 14 killed in afghanistan	asian muslims celebrate eid as 52 die in pakistan , afghanistan	3.60
the dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the swiss franc , also flat .	the dollar was at 116.78 yen jpy= , virtually flat on the session , and at 1.2871 against the swiss franc chf= , down 0.1 percent .	3.200
the questions are many .	there are many questions .	4.750
no winners in a war of sanctions	the impact of sanctions on russia	1
a man plays the violin .	a man is playing violin .	5.000
chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects '	2.00
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns which make markets american securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance .	5.000
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally , i welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme .	4.714
a man in red swim trunks playing volleyball .	a man and woman sitting on a motorcycle .	0.00
two white dogs walking in the snow .	a tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .	2.00
a man sitting cross legged on the grass , with a tree in the background .	ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background .	0
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers .	the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs .	3.8
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is not yet seen is one of supply in the european community from a third country .	3.250
while in motion , an impactor makes sudden , forcible contact with the impactee , or two impactors both move , mutually making forcible contact .	hit against ; come into sudden contact with ;	4
at 5 p.m. edt , grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of corpus christi .	at 11 a.m. edt , fabian 's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 miles east of the leewards .	1.250
because it was not contained in the closed path .	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	2.20
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but can this image survive a pursuit of decline ?	2.750
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally , i welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to take stock of the implementation of the programme .	4.800
fix ( something old ) with a new part ; improve .	piece ( something old ) with a new part .	4.000
what is this vocal technique called ?	what is this technique called ?	3
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space .	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space .	3.2
us stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report	stock futures edge higher , all eyes on fed	3
you have too much regulation , not too little .	you have to much intervention in free markets , not too little .	3.8
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	we need to know today , since we are still in uncertainty , what are the scientific data , what are the measures to be taken .	4.600
indistinct vocal articulations	indistinct articulation .	4.250
put in motion or move to act ; make active or more active .	something serving as a cover or protection .	0
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we ourselves often represent european citizens .	3.250
( cause to ) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended .	0.4
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it .	4.500
a young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet .	a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .	3.8
cause to be/show to be invalid	show to be invalid .	4.250
box cutters were used as a weapon by the sept. 11 , 2001 , hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items .	box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .	3.400
country-music station kkcs has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the dixie chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized president george bush .	a radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing dixie chicks songs , violating the station 's two-month-old ban on the group 's music .	3.250
cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it .	i started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question ...	0.00
he nvr gives vision wo provision & he 'll use whoevr2bring it ? winfrey 's lowrated cable channel is poised 2 break through	winfrey ? s low-rated cable channel is poised to break through	3.8
a federal appeals court ruled tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of sept. 11 , 2001 .	a federal appeals court ruled tuesday that the u.s. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the september 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .	3.600
there was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal .	there is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal	4.60
live blog : ukraine in crisis	live blog : iraq in turmoil	0
it cuts the current from the battery	the path is not closed	1.00
a man is running with a bus .	a man runs with a truck .	2.500
from : cond ? nast writer deals stir dispute # condenast	cond ? nast contracts cut author ? s share in film deals	3.4
act of constructing	the act of constructing something .	4.750
a man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .	a guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .	0.60
the vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .	the vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .	1
annan urges end to syria violence , minister defects	annan urges end to syrian violence	3.8
originally posted by lone fox you 've said that multiple times now .	originally posted by lone fox and it 's not all iranian related either .	2.2
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	since 1996 , the european parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to .	4.200
declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	the debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	4.600
“ : “ : death toll climbs to 220 in brazil nightclub fire , official says . ” incredibly sad ” horrifying	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.8
a man tries to feed a mouse to a snake .	a man is teasing a snake with a mouse .	3.200
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something .	1
no , none of those factors account for the recent warming .	you do n't know if those factors account for the warming , or not .	3
as seen on tv ! ~ black and famous but out to pasture	critic ? s notebook : ? real husbands of hollywood ? and lack of black male leads	0.6
strong earthquake in western china kills 47 people	strong earthquake in western china kills at least 75	3
the nasdaq composite index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since june 18 .	the s & p 500 had climbed 16 percent since its march low and yesterday closed at its highest since dec. 2 .	0.800
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia .	arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists .	2.8
# gunreform for a generation	editorial : president obama ? s plan for gun reform	2.2
the festival kicked off yesterday one day after the competition commission delivered its final verdict to the government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger .	the competition commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big itv players , carlton and granada .	2.818
bulb a and c still had a closed path with the battery .	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	4.60
a woman is folding paper .	a woman is applying eye shadow .	0.400
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence .	in early may 2002 the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .	3.6
i thought that was mostly just the dutch .	in fact , it 's just the dutch .	2.6
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph .	south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s .	2
it is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give .	you can always ask , then it is the choice of the author to accept or not .	3.60
croatia begins countdown to historic eu entry	croatia countdowns to joining eu	4.80
analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , thomson first call says .	hewlett-packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $ 659 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 18 billion .	1.200
face an event and survive ; endure	face and withstand with courage .	2.250
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .	an influential chinese business man , who shares his time between hongkong and london , was even more precise .	5.000
four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats .	four blue and yellow planes in flight .	4.2
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .	3.6
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i invite prague to seize this , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to respond and to ensure that , together with this house , these relics of a nationalist age can be abandoned .	3.400
a sheep stands on a hillside .	a large sheep standing on a hill .	4
presidential vote polarises egyptians	gop presidential hopefuls clash in southern races	0.8
a man is tying his shoe .	a dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders .	0.000
however an object can not be cast to a class which is no relative of it .	here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .	0
a dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .	a dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .	2.40
slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the czech republic .	slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the union at the same time as the czech republic .	4.667
when pills fail , this option provides a cure for c-diff	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds	1.8
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , radical technological progress made it off these threats .	4.750
but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again .	if you did , you would n't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining .	0.20
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran .	ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad 's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad 's home .	3.4
here 's a link to an interview he gave about the spill .	that is what liberty is about , after all .	0.00
china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation released at 16th china-eu summit	full text : china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation	4.40
supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .	4.4
wait , what ? ! - 'universal background checks ' defined	'universal background check ' : what does it mean ?	5
elbaradei to become egyptian pm	liberal elbaradei named egypt pm , islamists cry foul	3.20
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain the unanimity in the council and therefore a latent capacity to act .	4.250
reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again .	doctor and patient : when the doctor returns to doctoring	3
chinese shares close lower on wednesday	chinese students attacked in france	0
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe .	nato regrets russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .	2.4
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .	a boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .	4.60
a woman is water skiing .	a woman is slicing fish .	0.400
a large room	the large room of a manor or castle .	3.000
nutrax the plural of anecdote is not data did gentlemen need chaperones ?	nutrax the plural of anecdote is not data	3.6
another rocket hits eshkol ; no injuries	2 rockets hit eshkol ; none injured	3.4
destruction of a ship	destroy a ship .	5.000
bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	2.60
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
the currency briefly weakened slightly on monday to trade at 55.34/39 , not far from its record low of 55.75 .	the currency briefly weakened on monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29 , little changed from friday .	2.250
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller .	4.750
jordan opens first tent camp for syrian refugees	jordan opens first refugee camp for syrians	4.8
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	today we are to change a muslim identity for islamic identity .	3.500
a women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	4.8
this is a rear view of a chevrolet sports car .	the rear view of a red chevrolet concept car .	3.6
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	bulb b is in a separate path	3.40
. ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent .	mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a european continent strong and united .	4.800
when a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit	3.00
two brown dogs running together on sand	two brown dogs are running on the sand .	4.60
libya threatens army action against oil protesters	bomb threat forces evacuation at princeton	0.8
man who battled fukushima disaster dies of cancer	former plant chief who battled fukushima disaster dies of cancer	3.4
a man and woman are talking .	a man and woman is eating .	1.600
give an incentive or reason for action .	give an incentive for action .	4.500
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	users are the losers , with workers and european competitiveness and innovation régresseront .	4.250
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	certainly , it was not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is wrong and , in this case , the american proposal was a proposal to the reduction , totally unacceptable for europe .	4.000
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body .	0
`` my judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the american people would know . ''	my judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the american people would know , '' mr. shelby said on nbc 's `` meet the press . ''	3.400
if the bulb is on the same closed path	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	3.40
suicide bomber kills 6 in afghan capital	suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in afghanistan	2
this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme . the focus of this frame is the perceiver , which appears in subject position . this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver , where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject .	place ( something ) where one can not find it again ;	1.8
a person is riding a motorcyle .	a person is chopping an onion .	0.400
six killed in drone strike in n waziristan	12 killed in bus accident in pakistan	1.80
a boy runs away from his fishing line .	a boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod .	3.000
a natural growth of plants , usually trees	a growth of similar plants ( usually trees ) in a particular area .	4.2
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i find exemplary that france has resolved to take that step .	4.200
the best thing you can do is to know your stuff .	my recommendation is not to say anything , and do the best you can .	0
bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500	bangladesh building collapse : death toll climbs to 580	3
an elderly man is speaking at a podium .	a man is making a speech at the podium .	3.500
3 killed , 4 injured in los angeles shootings	five killed in saudi arabia shooting	0
if you leap up to make a hit , you 're getting a penalty .	if your stick hits a guy in the face , you 're getting a penalty .	2.6
`` what i am really looking for is an estimation of the muslim population ... '' @ thanosk and @ t.e.d. , an overall , general population estimation f.e .	the following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the new penguin atlas of medieval history .	0.00
the period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect .	the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect .	4.250
man sets himself on fire at breivik trial	man sets self afire outside breivik trial	4.6
the act of testing something .	the act of raising something .	0.8
an observer of a process or activity	a member of a police force .	0.4
gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in nigeria	seven foreign workers kidnapped in nigeria	3.4
rick santorum wins kansas caucuses	rick santorum notches a victory in kansas caucuses	4.8
gen. sattler heads a combined joint task force based on ship in the gulf of aden and the indian ocean .	general sattler heads a combined joint task force aboard the command ship mount whitney .	3.600
bangladesh muslims torch buddhist shrines , police say	muslims torch buddhist temples	3.6
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	losing on the question of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition .	4.667
moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran : moderate candidate wins presidential vote	0
janice kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior mod officials that his name would not be made public .	she told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public .	3.750
lessen in force or effect , restrain , weaken	lessen in force or effect .	3.8
abstain from eating or from certain foods	abstain from eating .	4.000
a dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth .	a puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .	3.80
i was invited in to pitch story ideas to ron moore at st : tng .	it 's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred .	0.00
pope canonizes 2 palestinians	sweden recognizes palestinian state	0
uk alert on syrian chemical arms	west raises stakes over syria chemical claims	3.8
the man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse .	a man is working on his laptop .	0.800
if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?	i ask again if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?	5
you do n't have to worry .	you do n't have to do anything to season it .	0
voting canceled in three provinces in tense thai election	cambodian opposition rejects hun sen election win	0
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of exploding or bursting .	0
a panda is climbing .	a man is climbing a rope .	1.600
nato : 3 troops killed in afghanistan attack	nato troops killed in afghan 'insider attack '	3
take action or behave in a certain way	compel to behave in a certain way .	4.2
someone is greating a carrot .	a woman is grating an orange food .	2.500
red panda‚äôs short-lived zoo escape	india‚äôs march to mars	0.00
a man shoots a man .	a man with a pistol shoots another man .	4.250
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .	1.000
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	5.00
annan to visit syrian refugees in turkey tuesday	annan to visit syrian refugees in turkey before iran	3.8
p.g . police seeking driver in crash that killed child	police seek gunmen in new orleans mother 's day parade shooting	0
schofield got toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of o'donnell 's suggestions and projects .	but under cross-examination by o'donnell 's attorney , lorna schofield , toepfer conceded she had ignored many of o'donnell 's suggestions and projects .	4.500
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures .	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .	2
design for a specific purpose	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect .	4.2
what is your lid made of ?	what is your paper for ?	0
`` i notice a mood change in their priorities , '' one politician said .	`` i notice a mood change in their priorities , '' said one iraqi politician after meeting with mr. bremer .	3.333
two hockey players fighting on the ice .	two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .	4.80
switch y did not effect bulb a	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	3.17
child sliding in the snow .	man sleeping on the street .	0.00
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am part of members who are not properly present .	3.000
you should do it .	you should prime it first .	0
kuwait : activists storm syrian embassy ; two injured	activists storm syria embassy in kuwait	3.4
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done .	4.2
a dog is barking at a toy .	the little dog barked at the electronic toy .	3.750
the time was about 4 a.m. on march 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .	the seizure occurred at 4am on march 18 , just hours before the first american air assault .	3.000
uk sky news cameraman killed in egypt	sky news cameraman killed in egypt	4.80
egypt increases security before pro-morsi protests	egypt bracing for massive protests	3
for the 12-month period ending june 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .	for the full year period ending june 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .	3.857
is it better to request a recommendation letter in person after class or by email ?	is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation ?	3
two horses standing in a field with trees in the background .	a black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .	0.4
a man is playing a piano .	a man is playing a flute .	2.000
a brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs .	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .	1.80
also , businesses throughout utah are volunteering to display amber alerts on their signs .	other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards .	3.750
us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair	us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief	4.2
the first trial of a suspect in last year 's bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in indonesia today , sky news reported .	one of the key suspects in the october nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in bali went on trial monday amid tight security .	3.750
plane crash in ghana kills at least 10	plane crash in ghana : how the international media reported it	2.2
bulb a and bulb c are still on a closed path that contains the battery .	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.60
i agree with there goes trouble .	i am done with this thread .	0.20
shares of guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the new york stock exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday .	shares of guidant were down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the new york stock exchange .	2.647
a woman is relaxing in a bath tub .	a woman is stabbing a potato with a fork .	0.400
be relevant or pertinent	be pertinent or relevant or applicable .	4.500
a woman is speaking in sign language .	a woman spices some seafood .	0.643
boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks .	the korean air deal is expected to be finalized `` in the next several weeks , '' boeing spokesman bob saling said .	3.000
a young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb .	a man is riding a skateboard .	2.750
fallen us firefighters brought home	wall street ends slightly lower	0.20
vicki huddleston : why we must help # save # mali	op-ed contributor : why we must help save mali	3.8
two aust soldiers wounded in afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in afghan east	1.2
in fact , watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming .	try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking .	0.70
a man is talking on the phone .	a man is talking .	3.200
you burn more calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat .	the more you sweat , the faster you will burn calories and fat .	2
russia finds dead lawyer magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	russia convicts dead lawyer magnitsky in posthumous trial	5.00
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .	4
a man is lifting heavy weights .	a wallaby is licking a woman 's hand .	0.250
when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to apply the precautionary principle .	when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle .	5.000
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
it is connected to the batteries positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.33333333333333
i see , we 've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless ?	i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery .	0.60
greek police arrest german on suspicion of spying	israel press bemoans price of talks resumption	0.00
travel photos that you wish you had taken -	today 's photo : thai temple	1.2
in the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing one soldier .	early monday , insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing an american soldier .	4.111
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is linked to oil production of the country .	5.000
half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .	half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo .	3.200
two women shopping at a clothing store .	two women in a clothing store .	4.6
asian markets gain on upbeat us economic data	asian markets lifted by positive us , china data	3.4
perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory .	perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes .	1.60
the bulb will not light	there is no gap between the terminals	1.00
because a closed circuit was formed .	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	2.40
is it legal to grow ?	yes , it 's legal to grow .	2.6
michael bloomberg , nyc mayor : `` i 'm gon na try march with a number of different groups .	`` i 'm going to try to march with a number of different groups , '' bloomberg said .	3.750
california governor declares drought emergency	california governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn	3.60
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	especially , when a unipersonal company or a company less cash than 250 paid has a project , it must be possible to be given a financing not only with one guarantee with 120 % , but also on the simple basis of an good idea .	3.500
switch y does not effect bulb a	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	3.50
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , in my speech i shall focus on the report by mrs lalumière , report that i think it is well thought-out and clearly formulated .	4.200
a man is running .	a man is mooing .	1.000
you do n't have to know .	you do n't have to do anything to season it .	0
a smiling woman holding a small baby .	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	3.4
'blade runner ' pistorius to dispute murder charge	pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges	2
a dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it .	the dog played with a bug on the carpet .	3.600
how do i reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?	how do i wire a replacement ceiling fan ?	1
women are running .	two women are running .	3.824
it depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake .	it depends on the sauce and the result you want .	2
so you know , i do not have personal experience with this .	since you 've already accepted a nicely sourced answer , i 'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition ( i.e .	0.20
girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .	a child is playing with two white and black geese .	0.60
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system	a period of time containing 365 ( or 366 ) days .	2.250
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	get or extort ( money or other possessions ) from someone .	0
a young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon .	a young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .	0
there is a gap in the connection .	there is no gap between the terminals	1.00
peace talks with palestinians would take months : israel official	3yo palestinian girl killed in israeli raid	0.40
a man attacks a woman .	a man slaps a woman .	3.600
the elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites .	but for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems , it can be fatal .	2.600
signal ( approval or interest ) by winking ; briefly shut one eye .	signal by winking .	4.250
earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from oracle .	thursday morning , peoplesoft 's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .	4.400
israel detains 37 palestinians as arrest operation continues	israel criticizes palestinian stance on settlers	1.20
a girl is playing a piano .	a boy is doing push ups .	0.000
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft .	4.4
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it is on trial on 8 january is accused him for having taken part in a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , which also it denies .	3.750
a woman rapidly fires a handgun .	a woman is shooting off a gun .	4.400
drag loosely along a surface , trail	drag loosely along a surface ; allow to sweep the ground .	4.6
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually .	reverse ( a direction , attitude , or course of action ) .	4.8
by late afternoon , the dow jones industrial average was up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , having gained 201 points monday to its highest level since july 2002 .	in morning trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , having gained 201 points monday .	1.250
the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something .	0
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	that was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .	4.750
vodka is saving lives ! well , a puppy 's life ...	booze saves puppy 's life	4.2
a pointed instrument for writing , stylus	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving .	3.4
sources say agents confiscated `` several '' documents he was carrying .	agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him .	3.500
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace .	china is an important force for promoting world development .	3.4
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	a and c are in the same path	3.20
a man is playing a guitar .	the girl is playing the guitar .	2.250
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	at the forefront of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	4.750
a group of people sitting around a desk .	a group of girls on a beach .	0.60
children jumping on a trampoline .	a man is sledding on an orange slide .	0.00
put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place , state , or relation .	3
a bird is flapping its wings in the water .	a large black bird is sitting in the water .	3.2
because a and c are still in a closed circuit	bulbs a and c are in a closed path	4.40
thai opposition protesters begin bangkok shutdown	thai protesters launch bangkok 'shutdown '	4.8
three dogs running in the dirt .	the yellow dog is running on the dirt road .	1.40
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .	4.000
three individuals are posing on skis behind a `` no skiing '' sign .	three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .	4.40
turkey raises alarm over syrian refugees	turkey seeks to relocate some syrian refugees	1.6
david beckham announces retirement from soccer	david beckham retires from football	4.4
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	prevent the progress or free movement of .	3.2
there is not a gap in the connection	the terminals are not separated by a gap	4.17
ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	4.5
signify or mean to express or convey	mean or intend to express or convey .	5
but at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .	but at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .	4.250
a woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .	a man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .	0.60
myanmar ’ s suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	5
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth regress .	4.500
obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis	3.4
egypt 's mubarak critical	egypt 's mubarak in critical condition	4.6
apple ipad mini makes debut	apple ipad mini makes debut in asia	3.4
learn , assimilate a body of knowledge	learn by reading books .	2.000
while opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet 's decision on anti-retroviral treatment , some said health minister manto tshabalala-msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan .	health minister manto-tshabalala msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan , according to some opposition parties .	3.400
mr morse is charged with assault and mr darvish is charged with filing a false report .	his partner bijan darvish is charged with filing a false police report .	2.750
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
turn on an axis ; spin	turn on or around an axis or a center .	4.000
a cat is rubbing against baby 's face .	a cat is rubbing against a baby .	3.800
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that .	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration 's fiscal year .	3.00
make the surface level or smooth	make the surface of level or smooth .	5.000
the report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the bali bombings , mukhlas , to farida , a `` highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman '' .	the report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the bali bombings , mukhlas , as an example of how ji uses marriage to grow .	3.400
britain reaches out to syria opposition	who cares about the syrian people ?	1.2
us , russia enter third day of syria talks	us and russia agree syria arms deal in geneva	1.80
`` we have found the smoking gun , '' investigating board member scott hubbard said .	`` we have found the smoking gun , '' said hubbard , director of nasa 's ames research center in california .	3.600
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	we need to know today , since we are always in uncertainty , what are the scientific data , what measures are to be taken .	4.200
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks .	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare .	3.4
j & j was aware of 40 % failure rate in depuy hip implants .	maker aware of 40 % failure in hip implant	3.4
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.60
a black and white dog swimming in clear water .	a small black and white dog is swimming in water .	4.20
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking .	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .	4.6
in the us , it will depend on the school .	it really depends on the school and the program .	3
south africa admits mistake over 'schizophrenic ' mandela signer	south africa admits possible 'mistake ' over deaf signer at mandela memorial	3.2
it varies by the situation .	this varies by institution .	4
cause to move , cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating .	1.6
a list of items to be consulted and marked off	a list of items ( names or tasks etc . ) to be checked or consulted .	4.6
second comes hp ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .	hp fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .	4.400
suspected u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan	us drone strike kills at least ten in pakistan	2.8
the man used a chopper to chop the onion .	the man used a machine to chop up a potatoe .	2.000
microsoft has identified the freely distributed linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .	the company has publicly identified linux as one of its biggest competitive threats .	3.400
17 killed , 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern iraq	15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq	2.8
in russian , for example , animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate .	as in russian , polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines .	2.80
india starts voting in world 's largest election	india voters kick off world‚äôs biggest election	5.00
the distortional inclinations of the next president , george h.w .	his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history .	1.83
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji climbed 164 points , or 1.91 percent , to 8,765.38 , brushing its highest levels since mid-january .	the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .	3.000
tell us what the charges were .	yes what are his charges .	4
a man is placing meat in a bag .	a man is drivong a car .	0.500
are you better off `` playing for a tie '' in # investing :	strategies : in investing , at least , it makes sense to play for a tie	4
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	the gays and others practical “ modern ” are rejected , because nombrilists .	3.750
‚äėglee‚äô star cory monteith found dead in hotel room	cory monteith found dead : canadian ‚äėglee‚äô star was 31	3.40
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	4.80
benjamin millepied to take over paris opera ballet , with all the details :	benjamin millepied to be paris opera ballet director	4.4
the pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .	the british pound flexed its muscle against the dollar , last up 1 percent at $ 1.6672 .	3.250
how do i convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?	how do i wire 2 switches to control a ceiling light ?	2
i missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot .	never , did i ever , did i say blacks were going to riot .	2.4
a woman is brushing her feet .	the sun is rising behind trees .	0.000
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the objective of primary and secondary objectives , the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the commission .	4.600
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something .	0
defining , distinctive form or shape of something	a prominent attribute or aspect of something .	3.6
two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background .	two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background .	3.4
an animal is biting a persons finger .	a slow loris is biting a persons finger .	3.000
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied .	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection .	3.60
the act of testing something .	the act of starting something .	1.4
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained to us at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to directive .	4.250
more reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure `` america 's productivity climbs , but wages stagnate ''	news analysis : america ? s productivity climbs , but wages stagnate	3.6
panetta says afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	panetta : afghanistan tops nato conference topics	1.6
the cat is drinking milk .	a white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate .	3.800
our daughter has always loved her bath , but coming out ... not so much .	my wife and i originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over .	2.80
a bear is running from two dogs .	a bear is fighting wolves .	1.400
you are on the right path .	you 're on the right path .	5
earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off indonesia island	earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes thailand	2.00
initiation , founding , introduction of something	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new .	3.250
to ignite or catch on fire	catch fire .	4.250
top diplomats meet in munich at critical time	top diplomats discuss iran 's nuclear program	2.40
a boy played a keyboard .	a person is playing a piano keyboard .	3.200
a person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork .	a youngster is sitting on a piano .	0.000
two women sitting in lawn chairs .	two women are sitting in a cafe .	2.6
prove or corroborate	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts .	2.250
this is the tip i find most useful :	something like this is useful :	3
chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .	chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications .	4.600
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx rose 3.47 points , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 .	the tech-laden nasdaq composite index .ixic shed 8 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 .	1.000
does this concern you ?	does this sound like the sensible option .	1.33
general myers told reporters that `` at first blush , it does n't look like any rules were broken '' .	`` at first blush , it does n't look like any rules were broken , '' said gen. richard myers , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .	3.600
something that attains victory	an event that accomplishes its intended purpose .	2.750
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .	2.400
prayers for burt reynolds	burt reynolds 'feeling better ' but still in icu , rep says	2
a pyrrhic victory	cutting off your nose to spite your face	3.0174
p ( b ) is the prior or marginal probability of b , and acts to normalise the probability .	p ( b ) ( a.k.a . the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of b .	4
three boys in karate costumes are fighting .	three men are practicing karate moves in a field .	1.250
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is important that the european union itself and to do it quickly .	5.000
dominus , plural domini , in ancient rome , “ master , ” or “ owner , ” particularly of slaves .	a greek-speaking slave ( δούλος , doulos ) i think would call his master κύριος ( translit : kurios ; lord , master , sir ; vocative form : κύριε ) .	2.20
israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	israel unveils plans for new settler homes	3.8
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say a few words on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be passed .	mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote .	4.600
the appropriate or desirable thing .	the upper part of anything .	0
but in the first 30 seconds after young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , meyers said .	but in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , jodie meyers , stacy young 's sister , said .	4.200
a man is drawing some figures .	a man is drawing on a digital dry erase board .	3.333
( finally ) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere .	1
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .	a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .	4.00
but adora obi nweze , the naacp state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .	adora obi nweze , the naacp state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .	3.400
however , the vector space model has limitations .	the limitations of the vector space model are thus .	4
7 killed by shiite al-houthi fighters in northern yemen	at least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north yemen	3.00
clashes as greeks protest against more cutbacks	clashes erupt as greek vote nears	2.4
the point is an unarmed child was murdered .	the point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black .	3.4
a person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .	a biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .	0.60
instead , tickets for the jersey jam went on sale last night through ticketmaster .	tickets , available through ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .	3.800
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument .	5
mier ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	cmie cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3 %	0.8
if you understand yourself and your enemy , you will be far more likely to win any battle .	another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others .	2.80
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally .	3.500
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately , the final objective of a european constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not endorse it .	4.800
fortunes of facebook may hinge on search - is this the big reveal ?	fortunes of facebook may hinge on searches	4
syria condemns israeli air strikes .	series of deadly attacks strikes iraq	2
south africa mine clash kills at least 30	south africa train crash kills 26	0.8
the hedgehog chewed on the towel .	a hedgehog is biting at a blanket .	3.400
ashya 's parents arrive for extradition hearing	ashya king 's parents freed from jail in spain	1
timothy cook , apple ? s ceo , said the pipeline of products was ? chock-full. ? ? we feel great about what we have in store ?	apple ? s profits are flat , and stock drops	0.6
two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio .	foxes are eating from a plate .	2.800
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency 's program .	france is a leader in the european space agency .	1.6
proving that the millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .	in millville yesterday , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days .	3.400
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , the whole ijaw indigenous showed chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from warri .	4.200
two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .	the boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .	0.00
british airways ' new york-to-london runs will end in october .	british airways plans to retire its seven concordes at the end of october .	2.500
a guy is riding a horse .	a man is riding a horse in the desert .	3.400
a rooster pecks at a dead mouse .	a chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .	4.000
the man is slicing a potato .	a man is slicing potato .	5.000
burma 's reforms bring easing of u.s. sanctions	burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions	2.4
two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water .	two dogs are shaking water off .	0.40
two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .	a woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .	1.20
a kitten is eating its food from a plate .	a kitten eats some food .	4.000
puerto rican arrested for production of child pornography	indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape	0.40
iranians vote in presidential election	keita wins mali presidential election	0.4
`` further testing is still under way , but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , '' the specialist said yesterday .	`` but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , '' he said .	3.500
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can , moreover , apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks .	4.800
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something .	1.4
taiwan 's economy grows 2.27 % in april-june quarter	china 's economic growth rebounds to 7.8 % in latest quarter	1.00
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of stopping something .	0.4
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	the european union itself and do so quickly .	3.250
american investigators waiting to question arrested boston bomber	police converge on street in search for boston bomb suspect	1.8
flooding in canada forces evacuation of another city	california wildfire forces evacuation of homes , university	0.8
glasgow helicopter crash search ends	glasgow helicopter crash : woman pc is victim	2.80
the stock exchange of warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of prague	at the end of trade , the stock exchange of prague bascula in the negative	2
should babies be allowed to 'cry it out ' ? # attachment # parenting	should babies just 'cry it out ' ?	3.6
bho gun proposal 2 look beyond mass shootings in taking steps to completely disarm americans so that only elites prtctd	obama gun proposal to look beyond mass shootings	2.6
weak protection laws for domestic workers : saudi execution : brutal , inhuman and illegal ? - cnn # p2 # p21 # tcot # ccot	beheading : inhuman and illegal ?	2.8
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of raising something .	0
interesting article for parents who support their college kids : parents ? financial support may not help college grades	parents ? financial support linked to college grades	3.2
there was a gap in the circuit that c was on	bulb c was not in a closed path	3.80
because there is no gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal	3.00
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .	you 're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want .	0
one white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .	two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .	4.80
the ginger in me loves that world 's # 1 bachelor is part of the # gingerfamily	prince harry most eligible bachelor	0.8
bush said resistance forces hostile to the u.s. presence `` feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .	there are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there .	2.750
a man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .	a white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track .	1.40
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other areas , sharia law is imposed .	4.250
other countries and private creditors are owed at least $ 80 billion in addition .	other countries are owed at least $ us80 billion ( $ 108.52 billion ) .	3.400
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people , documents , sites .	the international atomic energy agency is based in	1.2
the batteries terminals are not connected	circuit 4 has no closed paths	0.60
a dog in the snow .	two dogs in snow .	3.00
a woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg .	a man pours gasoline .	0.000
a woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .	a tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .	1.60
ten sheep looking at the camera .	a cat on its back looking at the camera .	1.2
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins .	0.6
thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .	the easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ …is a kind of ” relationship .	0
a dog runs through the long grass .	a dog lays down in the long green grass .	2.60
because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.60
break up a solid , usually into a solution	cause to go into a solution .	2.8
sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the sco announcement .	a spokesman for sco could not be reached for comment this afternoon .	3.800
three die after car crash at tian'anmen	three killed in crash at tiananmen square	4.6
iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	iran rejects mko claim on nuclear site	2.40
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	there is urgency and therefore we decided to put this point at the order of business .	4.600
damaged bulb creates a gap .	a damaged bulb creates a gap	5.00
the man is driving a white car .	a man is giving an interview .	0.400
the act of beginning something new .	the act of stopping something .	0.8
new york 's cuomo signs gun control bill . 1 down 49 to go !	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting	3.4
take in marriage ; perform a marriage ceremony	take in marriage .	3.750
she was the only woman in her unit and a member of teamsters local 995 .	she was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her teamsters local .	3.250
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery .	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	2.40
it 's not a good idea .	i do not think it 's a good idea .	4
a man is playing the cello .	a man seated is playing the cello .	4.250
israeli forces detain palestinian mp in hebron	israeli forces detain 2 palestinians in overnight arrest raids	3
the state of being retained	the act of breaking something .	0
senate holds key to fixing washington - thanks for that insight ari # p2 # tcot	senate key to fixing washington	4.4
stars form in star-formation regions , which itself develop from molecular clouds .	it may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy .	0.60
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.6
a woman is cutting a tomato .	a woman is slicing a potato .	1.000
strong earthquake hits mexico	strong earthquake strikes near acapulco	3.6
5 nations meet on haze	putin 's marriage at an end	0.00
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	the western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings .	5.000
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the rapporteur 's original and shared by many colleagues , is to promote the rules and codes of conduct needed to build , between insurers , forms of degree of costs guaranteeing all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers .	4.200
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	indeed , it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another , because the different definitions are currently used in the member states are enough is enough .	4.400
supply food ready to eat , as for parties and banquets .	supply food ready to eat ; for parties and banquets .	5.000
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of forming or establishing something .	1.2
ships train for syrian chemical weapons transport	syria loads chemical weapons into bombs , awaiting assad order	2.6
jeremy hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark '	jeremy hunt clings on as spad quits over news corp emails	2
some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10 % due to interruptions , stress and noise .	there 's an iphone app called groups which might be helpful .	0.00
anatoly sokolov announced -- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .	4.6
the path will have a gap	each bulb is in its own path	1.20
cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .	in response to sluggish sales , cisco pared spending .	4.800
the visit comes de fries of the philippines as part of his asian tour , which will also include australia , thailand and indonesia .	the visit by de vries to the philippines is part of his asian tour , which will also include australia , thailand and indonesia .	3.0174
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	this leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response .	5.000
car bombing kills 53 in damascus	car bombings kill 13 civilians in iraqi capital	1.4
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur at local level .	4.500
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment .	4.500
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions , and not only with words .	5.000
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we take pride often here to represent the european citizens .	4.000
the cn tower in toronto seems pretty good too : 22 km per hour	the worlds fastest elevator : burj khalifa with 64 km per hour though , the speed of the elevator to the observation deck is 36 km per hour	3.0174
world cup hit by new stadium death	worker dies at world cup stadium	3
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals	1.20
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that -- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking .	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking .	0.6
labor department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .	the analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .	4.000
a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion . this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context .	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree ;	1
aloes , like most succulents , are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants .	1.60
still love this show .	holy poo poo , this show .	1
the boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .	0.20
a person is doing pencil tricks with his hand .	a person is slicing carrots in half .	0.333
because bulb c was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	bulb c was no longer in a closed path with the battery	4.80
fruit cooked down with sugar , jam	fruit preserved by cooking with sugar .	3.250
a man and a woman is kissing each other .	a man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other .	3.400
the interview - blood become sure again	the interview , du blood become course	2
the bulb and the battery are connected	the battery is in an open path	1.80
the nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 on friday .	the tech-laced nasdaq composite .ixic rallied 30.46 points , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .	1.800
how do i clean a very dirty refrigerator ?	how do i clean a hammerite paint brush ?	1
syrian rebel groups battle each other in north	syrian rebel groups battle each other in north	5
obama has said that he is the future .	obama has said that it was the future .	3
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	this can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .	0
terminal 1 is connected tot he positive terminal .	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.66666666666667
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging ( pulling with force ) .	0.6
russia 's putin claims authority to invade ukraine	kremlin : putin yet to decide on using russian troops in ukraine	2
north american markets finished mixed in directionless trading monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight .	north american markets grabbed early gains monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .	3.800
the cat shimmied under the bed .	a cat is crawling upside down under the couch .	2.000
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .	4
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the european citizens .	4.000
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362	bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580	3.6
young woman in riding gear on top of horse .	the woman is riding on the brown horse .	3.8
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of community legislation , as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	4.400
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .	kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .	4.2
israel , palestinians seek another meeting monday : u.s. official	palestinians : we do n't want kerry mission to fail	1.40
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	change toward something smaller or lower .	0.2
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.60
the quality of being useful for something	the quality of not being useful or convenient .	1.8
the consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from january to june , 53 % of citigroup 's profit and revenue .	it generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of citigroup 's totals .	3.800
black and white photo of a girl on a sofa .	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .	1.2
a woman splits garlic cloves .	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves .	4.600
the vector space model has some limitations : 1 .	limitation : there is some limitation of vector space model .	5
a man is dancing .	a man is thinking .	1.200
a rule of thumb that i 've heard is `` for small children , big dogs '' .	any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous .	1.40
here is a lexical decision task i wrote years ago using php and javascript ( github link ) .	just for reference , i ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself .	2.60
palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	progress reported in palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks	2.8
singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher	2.6
publisher acquitted in privacy case	pbs publishes new guidelines on impartiality	0.4
sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .	sovereign shares closed on the new york stock exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .	4.000
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we speak with one voice disgracieuse within the wto .	4.833
be larger in number , quantity , power , status , or importance , without personally having sovereign power .	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance .	3.750
syria ’ s chemical weapons could end up at sea	us to destroy syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea	2.4
a lion is playing with people .	a lion is playing with two men .	3.400
tech sector heats up : google and ibm post strong earnings	google shares soar past $ 1,000 on strong earnings	2.6
the device plays internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of realnetworks ' rhapsody music service .	the product also streams internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for realnetworks ' rhapsody digital music subscription service .	5.000
byrd , speaking from the senate floor , said he questioned `` the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . ''	`` but i do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . ''	3.400
that the terminals are not connected to each other .	the terminals are not connected	4.00
exit polls suggest putin ally wins moscow vote	exit polls shows putin ally wins moscow vote , navalny cries foul	3.4
two men are fighting .	the man is exercising .	0.750
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	5.00
as well as the dolphin scheme , the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .	internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .	3.800
an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .	man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch .	0
one of the 14 kurds pointed at the word `` refugee '' in an english/turkish dictionary .	one man had brandished an english-turkish dictionary and pointed to the word `` refugee '' .	3.500
egyptian protesters issue morsi resignation ultimatum	ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes	0.40
china yuan weakens to 6.1559 against usd	china yuan weakens to 6.1818 against usd tuesday	3.60
red double decker bus on side of street .	a red double decker bus on a crowded street .	3.8
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with .	4.6
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	2.40
an area enclosed by walls or buildings	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings .	4.4
a woman is slicing a potato .	a woman is slicing carrot .	2.500
a large one , if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	0.80
the lady peeled the potatoe .	a woman is peeling a potato .	4.750
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.91666666666667
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	3.20
thank goodness . ? : man charged with murder in philadelphia doctor 's death . ?	man charged with murder in doctor 's death , source says	4
in the `` binary '' world of the right wing , it 's either all lies or all gospel truth .	this is how the people on the right here treat truth .	1.67
whilst employment may be the european union ' s priority policy , fisheries , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	if employment is the political priority of the union , fisheries , as an economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	4.000
the act of testing something .	the act of stopping something .	0.6
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .	4.2
old blue and white train on tracks .	a blue train in a mountainous area .	2.6
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft .	3.8
a woman is frying a food .	a woman is deep frying food .	4.250
the boston archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests .	the waves of scandal angered not only victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests , to the point that law could no longer run the archdiocese .	3.000
man in yellow canoe paddling through water .	man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore .	4.2
halliburton on tuesday reiterated its contention that kbr had `` delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms '' .	`` we believe kbr delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms , '' halliburton spokeswoman wendy hall said .	4.000
spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent	us jobless rate seen rising , offering obama no relief	1
a female dj holds up a michael jackson album .	a girl holding a picture of michael jackson smiling	3.00
its maker , medimmune inc. , based in gaithersburg , made 4 million to 5 million doses this year .	medimmune vaccines , the maker of flumist , made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year .	3.500
pretty sure you 're thinking of the host by stephanie meyer , of twilight fame .	i finally found it : it 's the lives of tao by wesley chu	3.9738
a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good ( or bad ) , against a background assumption that previously , the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur . the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist .	deserving or inciting pity ;	0
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is a more controversial topic , the committee has called with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	4.800
a dog is on the beach near a ball .	a guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .	0.60
shinzo abe selected as japan ’ s prime minister	shinzo abe is japan 's prime minister	4.2
typhoon survivors raid philippine stores	typhoon bopha kills 15 in s. philippines	1.2
aso refuses to resign over nazi comments	spanish pm refuses to resign over corruption scandal	0.20
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty .	israel remains outside the treaty .	2
the act of copying the actions of someone else .	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect .	2.000
a man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	a man and a woman standing on a city street .	0.40
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	we can also see that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself .	5.000
`` would you like to pay for others health care ? ''	`` would you like to wear your seatbelt ? ''	0
the act of escaping , fleeing	the act of retaining something .	0.4
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of “ faintness ” .	3.250
i am not sure this is the right site for the question .	i am not sure this question would have made much sense to the romans themselves .	2
a cue given to someone for assistance	a cue given to a performer ( usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken ) .	3.6
specifically a baptist .	specifically gnostic .	1.2
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election	will putin 's election victory in russia be greeted with protests ?	1.8
feds drop 'morning-after pill ' appeal	us to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age	2.60
no `` spouse '' means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own .	9. no `` spouse '' means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes .	2.83
police question man in deadly la boardwalk crash	police arrest suspect in deadly la driving attack	2.2
a guy is playing hackysack	a man is playing a key-board .	1.000
she said jane doe 's lawyers asked verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena .	jane doe , deciding to fight the subpoena , asked verizon to withhold her name .	3.600
isaf : 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving afghan police	nato says four troops killed in `` insider '' attack in afghan south	3
step towards	not in sight	0
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something .	0
for the full 12-month period ending june 30 , 2003 , advanced services lines for adsl increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent .	for the 12-month period ending june 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .	1.800
on the other hand , if this will help further establish steve 's innocence , we welcome it . ''	if draining the ponds in maryland will further help establish steve 's innocence , we welcome it . ''	3.250
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4 .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
talabani told him the governing council would `` need un assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken . ''	talabani told him iraqi leaders would `` need u.n. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken '' on organising an interim iraqi government by june .	3.250
( cause to ) become less clear or indistinct	to make less distinct or clear .	4.8
home office space with bright green walls and artwork .	an office with multiple desks and green walls .	3.4
hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , officials vow	hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse	4
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are strong of this tax .	4.250
a red , double-decker bus .	front and left side of a red double decker bus .	3.2
tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field .	many sheep standing on a green hill .	0.2
i think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period .	definitely plan a month ahead - it 's totally ok for your plans to change - just amend them as they do .	2.60
u.s. forces struck dozens of targets on monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others , the military said .	u.s. forces struck dozens of targets on monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours .	3.000
after 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boys were separated sunday at children 's medical center of dallas .	two-year-old egyptian twin boys , born with their heads conjoined , have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the children 's medical centre in dallas .	3.200
characterise structure of an optimal solution .	use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .	2
the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works .	2.8
a cartoon woman dives into a pool .	a cartoon woman is diving off a board .	2.800
gap in circuit at bulb b causes the voltage reading to be 0	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	1.00
major fire breaks out in jk secretariat in srinagar	fire breaks out near secretariat in srinagar	4.60
unite ; merge with something already in existence	unite or merge with something already in existence .	5.000
a boy is playing a key-board .	a boy is playing the piano .	3.200
a woman slices a lemon .	a man is talking into a microphone .	0.000
on wednesday , the total of national guard and reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .	as of yesterday , the total number of national guard and reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .	4.000
with a few exceptions , the street has always the same look .	has few exceptions , the street has always the same pace .	3
pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself .	pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone .	1
a gray cat laying on a brown table .	a grey cat lying on a wooden table .	4.2
your schtick is getting stale .	your misogyny is getting messy .	0.4
the climate is changing , not in the distant future , but now :	an alarm in the offing on climate change	2
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone .	1
“ long island : ‘ attack of the bloodsuckers ! ’ at the long island children ’ s museum ” if you want to scare leo	arts | long island : ? attack of the bloodsuckers ! ? at the long island children ? s museum	4.2
a person is slicing a scallop .	a person is slicing octopus .	2.000
a man riding a white horse in an arena .	a man riding a white horse .	4
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gained 19.72 points , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 .	the dow jones industrial average .dji jumped 2.09 percent , while the standard & poor 's 500 index .spx leapt 2.23 percent .	3.000
changing one thing for another	the act of changing one thing or position for another .	4.8
some good news for a change more lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20 % ...	more lives being saved : cancer death rates drop 20 %	4.8
( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	( the house accepts the oral amendment )	4.800
washington , however , said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place .	but the us insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place , preferably by repealing the entire law .	2.800
indonesian official : rape victims enjoy it oh hell no they do n't	would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape	3.4
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos , cambodia , australia , china , the united states and taiwan .	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited .	3.8
( cause to ) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry .	1.2
a man is scaling a fish .	a man pours some cooking oil into a pot .	1.000
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	4.40
`` fairies do n't exist '' - fine .	`` leprechauns do n't exist '' - fine .	1
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which has been decided , which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months , does not make it possible to properly remind the origin of the animals and we banned very late specified risk material .	4.800
for kathy nicolo ( jennifer connelly ) , the house means stability and family .	kathy nicolo ( jennifer connelly ) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart .	2.000
typhoon death toll rises to 3633	egyptian death toll rises to 638	0.60
three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .	5.00
the political stock market	the politicization of securities markets	2.833
preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport , sources said .	the men had pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .	2.000
a few possible problems : 1 ) such an id system seems a little intrusive .	in mathematics , we already have a database of this sort - two them , in fact , with in mathscinet and zentralblatt math .	0.40
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something .	0.2
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	furthermore , we would like to be able to demonstrate in europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia , recognising the true democratic principles .	4.000
egyptologists cast doubt tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have found the mummy of queen nefertiti , one of the best-known ancient egyptians .	egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of queen nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauties .	2.600
america , the saudi arabia of tomorrow - good or bad ?	america , saudi arabia of tomorrow	4.2
apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny .	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny .	5
u.s. drone strike kills 10 in northwest pakistan	us drone in pakistan kills 10 suspected militants	3.8
a motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle .	a person crashes on a motorcycle .	4.200
i can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of .	it is the same idea as what aristotle called the unmoved mover .	0.80
singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	2
when the bomb exploded at the casa de españa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .	at the casa de espaa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off .	5.000
china 's anger at n. korea overcomes worry over us	china 's anger at north korea overcomes worry over u.s. stealth flights	3.20
a white cat rests it head on a stone .	a striped cat looking lazily through vertical blinds .	3.6924
make marks in the surface of .	make small marks into the surface of .	3.8
make ( more ) comprehensible	make clear and ( more ) comprehensible .	4.500
in addition , the justice department said that the fbi has conducted ''fewer than 10 '' investigations involving visits to mosques .	in addition , `` fewer than 10 '' fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to islamic mosques , the justice department said .	3.750
australia returns asylum seekers to sri lanka in sea transfer	australia : australia hands asylum-seekers back to sri lanka	4.60
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson for us within this house in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world , in a state of control , and that we must get down to the task to put its house in order .	4.500
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication .	4.2
the attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in riyadh on may 12 .	the attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in riyadh on may 12 , for which officials have also blamed al-qaida .	3.600
this is so sad “ : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . ”	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.6
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.00
a wooden bicycle with an awning .	a group of elderly people sitting around a dining table .	0
a document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	5
the american women , who are defending champions , will play in philadelphia on sept. 25 and conclude group competition in columbus on sept. 28 .	the u.s. women , who are defending champions , will play on sept. 25 in philadelphia and conclude group competition on sept. 28 in columbus , ohio .	4.750
isn ? t it sad , that events like the massacre in conneticut have to happen for us to notice it # challenges	an added mission for arizona sheriff ? s immigration posse : school patrols	0
simple answer is yes , flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting .	it appears as though it has likely started to bolt .	3.20
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs .	5.000
the eye of the bee plays an important role , since it is able to see in all directions , in an angle of 300 degrees .	the eye to aspects of the bee plays an important role , since it is able to see in all directions , in a 300 degrees .	5
a woman is chopping an onion .	a woman is slicing partially into half of an onion .	3.200
it makes absolutely no difference .	no , it makes no difference .	5
if the path is closed with the battery , the switch doesnt affect it	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	2.00
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	this is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the european people 's party .	4.600
frum : u.s. gun problem is not a race problem ( must read )	america 's gun problem is not a race problem	4.4
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster .	4.000
a cheetah is running .	a cheetah is running across a field .	3.800
a man is slicing a bun .	a man is slicing an onion .	2.400
they said they had concluded that the film failed `` to present a balanced portrayal '' of the reagans .	cbs said the show `` does not present a balanced portrayal of the reagans for cbs and its audience .	3.000
i managed to find this recipe , i think this is where i got the idea .	i 've only made a couple of bbq sauces , but they 've always come out really well .	1.00
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public .	many of the people executed are hanged in public .	3.4
obama to refocus on economy in state of the union	factbox : what to look for in obama 's state of the union speech	2.2
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	go to see for professional or business reasons .	4
the audiotape aired last week by the arab al-jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks .	an audiotape aired last week by the arab al-jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that saddam survived the war .	1.800
having responsibility for managing or supervising	an impetuous rush toward someone or something .	1.750
a man is peeling a potato .	a man is hiking .	0.500
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something .	5
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we will speak with one voice disgracieuse within omc .	2.800
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the united states but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry successfully fought here .	barbini said the eu may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry has resisted .	3.250
they know that the video does n't show a gas chamber .	the bottom line is that the video clip does n't show a gas chamber .	4.6
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the final objective of a european constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we can not agree .	4.800
a former candidate for governor of new york , he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .	mr. mccall , who ran unsuccessfully for governor of new york in 2002 , styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .	3.250
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force .	3.8
12 killed in gaza in israeli airstrikes	ictu , ibec in move on airline strike	0.4
bulbs a and c affect each other .	a and c are in the same path	3.00
the brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .	four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .	1.80
it went from bad to worse	out of the frying pan , into the fire .	3.8025
british archbishop of canterbury changes career to cambridge	archbishop of canterbury to step down amid rifts	2.4
caldera acquired the unix server software of the original sco and changed its name to the sco group .	sco changed its name to tarantella , and caldera later changed its name to the sco group .	2.600
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen	an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite ; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association .	3.4
and stop worrying about it ...	i hope it works out in the end ...	0.91
the world 's two largest automakers said their u.s. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected .	domestic sales at both gm and no . 2 ford motor co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash .	3.200
transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of south korean ferry	transcript reveals confusion over ferry evacuation	3.60
webster 's new world rhyming dictionary : clement wood 's updated this is the rhyming dictionary i turn to first .	http : //www.rhymezone.com/ you just type in a word , then select one of the following .	1.20
they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat , lazy , uneducated , low skilled and dependent union worker .	others have the right to their opinions as always , we do n't have to agree , and there 's little chance we ever will agree .	0.60
the house has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions , but the senate has failed to do so .	the house has passed bills the past two congresses , but the senate has not .	3.400
a white jeep parked in front of a store .	a white jeep parked on a street .	3.5
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules . an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence , location or possession .	( of a baseball ) hit between the foul lines ;	0.2
two brown horses standing in a green meadow .	a brown horse stands in tall grass .	2.6
i was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest . # misspentyouth	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food	0
can i ask a company what i should wear to an interview ?	what should i ask as an applicant in a job interview ?	2
a man puts some cheese on a pizza .	a man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza .	4.200
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes .	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes .	4
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , we must say 'no ' to the concept being recognised that the big bang , but at the same time , a large group of countries , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits .	4.800
bremer said one initiative is to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .	bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .	3.400
it must be respected and protected ' .	it must be respected and protected .	5.000
. ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent .	- ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united europe .	5.000
shares of corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the nasdaq stock market .	corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .	4.500
a brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .	the dog with the red collar is bearing it 's teeth at the dog with the blue collar .	3.40
firefighters battle forest fire in sw china	firefighters battling scrub fire in hokianga	3.40
a small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree .	a red and brown bird is perched on branches .	2.25
excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .	excluding one-time items , it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share .	2.333
by sunday night , the fires had blackened 277,000 acres , hundreds of miles apart .	major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night .	2.750
parrot pushing a small shopping cart .	a white bird is steering a shopping cart .	3.4
the lady sliced a tomatoe .	someone is cutting a tomato .	4.000
the mock explosion , the first event in the drill , occurred in a car in industrial south seattle .	the mock explosion of a radioactive `` dirty bomb , '' the first event in the weeklong drill , occurred on several acres in the south seattle industrial area .	3.250
how should you respond to your teacher who can not help you with a recommendation ?	how should you deal with a teacher who is difficult to understand ?	2
a person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .	a small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides .	0.40
raise to a higher energy level ( as in physics )	raise to a higher energy level .	5
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants .	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants .	3.6
the people versus putin	the people against putin	4.750
be or have a quality of being	the quality of being significant .	2.6
israel expands subsidies to settlements	israel widens settlement subsidies	5.00
lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .	while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on campbell .	4.800
point or direct object , weapon , or blow at something or someone	point or cause to go ( blows , weapons , or objects such as photographic equipment ) towards .	4.000
israel downs drone from lebanon	israel shoots down drone from lebanon	5.00
five dead in pakistan suicide blast	at least 63 dead in pakistan factory blaze	1
the man is playing the guitar .	the man is peeling a potato .	0.583
bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office .	that was also about a blow job , of course .	1.40
provide lodging for	provide housing for .	4.750
residents return to texas blast site	residents return to fallujah	0
make or create something for a specific function .	make out of components ( often in an improvising manner ) .	2
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we keep unanimity in the council , and therefore a latent inability to act .	3.750
or does anyone know any way i could help it ?	has anyone heard about this ?	1.00
eurozone agrees to lend spain up to $ 125 billion	eurozone to lend spain up to 100 bil . euros	3.4
the lady cracked an egg for the mixer .	the lady sliced up the meat .	1.154
bulb a and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	if c burns out then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery	2.80
because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	1.20
state police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .	as many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially , the state police said .	4.000
a dog is speaking to the camera .	a dog is eating some water melon .	0.600
a dog is barking .	a jet is flying .	0.231
n korea to halt work at joint industrial zone	north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	4
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	firstly , that of a simplification and clarification of the treaties .	5.000
in france , protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage	french rally : no to same-sex marriage	4.4
east timor votes in presidential election	venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election	1
the new cold war	a new cold war ?	4.80
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	it is necessary to are two different things .	0.250
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps most important , ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence , not bernanke .	5.000
floods kill two , forces 75,000 from calgary homes	flooding forces 75,000 from canada homes	3.4
while the ibrahims had one separation operation , goodrich and dr. david staffenberg plan about three for the aguirres , with several weeks between each .	instead of one long operation to separate the twins , goodrich and dr. david staffenberg plan about three , with several weeks between each .	3.600
the people versus putin	the people against putin	5.000
i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head .	i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship .	2.00
i 'm thinking it 's a bad idea .	i think it 's a bad idea .	5
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those which currently work with the black would obtain an employment under decent social conditions .	4.200
the battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components .	the battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	4.00
ubs settles us mortgage lawsuit	ubs settles us mortgage lawsuit and takes £600m charge	3
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four , with his approach , but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem , not least because the council does not wish to participate in the discussion .	4.200
syrian rebels move command from turkey to syria	free syrian army moves headquarters from turkey to syria	3.8
older gentleman looking at red motorcycle .	a man looking at a red motorcycle .	4
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg	an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg .	3.8
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was no qualified majority in this parliament to go back to article 272 .	5.000
a man is slicing a potato .	a woman is peeling a potato .	2.333
the state of being employed	the state of being excluded .	0.8
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report horsebox orden ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	3.000
brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	dave lee travis pleads not guilty to all charges	1.40
move to and fro around a particular point or points , remain near	move to and fro .	3.000
there are a few things i think you should do .	there are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .	4
a man is playing a violin .	a man is playing a harp .	1.600
write all the required information	write all the required information onto a form .	3.8
a car backs out of a space .	a car is backing out of a blocked lane .	3.000
egypt arrests muslim brotherhood supreme guide	egypt bans muslim brotherhood group	2.2
none of the czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .	the problem is that trade of all mobile operators czech prohibit such a resale .	2
a dog is running on the ground .	a girl is tapping her finger nails .	0.000
george zimmerman found not guilty of trayvon martin murder	george zimmerman verdict propels cable news into talkradio mode	1
french train derails south of paris	french train passengers tell of crash ordeal	1.2
there is a closed path	bulbs a and b are in a closed path	2.20
gm , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active uaw workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .	they cover more than 300,000 uaw workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .	2.400
construct an optimal solution from computed values .	generate the optimal solution of these computed values	5
a very retro living room with a television in it .	a grey cat lying on a wooden table .	0
china 's generous 1mdb bid seen reaping it big returns in malaysia	china keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by russian president	0
a three-judge panel of the 11th u.s. circuit court of appeals ruled late friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .	a three-judge panel of the 8th u.s. circuit court of appeals in st. louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance .	2.800
lacey - welcome back !	anyway , welcome back .	4
it is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services , will last .	the safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure .	4.200
a man is swimming .	a woman is slicing meat .	0.000
president obama would continue that trend .	president obama is doing a bang up job .	2.80
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .	economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .	4.750
a woman is chopping onion .	a man is doing a card trick .	0.000
a man is lifting a car .	a man is climbing a wall .	1.400
the septuagenarian mccain has repeatedly put forward his indisputable experience in foreign policy , while emphasising the `` naiveness '' of his opponent in these matters that were at the heart of this first contest .	the septuagénaire mccain has repeatedly put forward its indisputable experience in foreign policy , while emphasising the `` naive '' of his opponent on these issues that were at the heart of this first contest .	5
free from obligations , service or confinement	free from obligations or duties .	4.4
fluctuate , move back and forth	sway to and fro .	2.500
for instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .	for instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .	4
russia already participates in the european space agency 's	france is a leader in the european space agency .	1.2
i remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours .	i remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours .	3
an assertion offered as evidence , a line of reasoning	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true .	4.2
because bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.80
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware ( or not being aware ) of the difference between two phenomena , which may be expressed jointly or disjointly .	be able to distinguish , recognize as being different ;	2
a little girl holds a wooden stick .	a little girl swimming in a pool .	2.20
( cause to ) be overlaid with something	provide with a covering or cause to be covered .	2.8
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , we must say 'no ' to the concept bang who would like to see the same time admit a large group of countries , because that would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits .	4.400
unrestricted freedom to use something .	unrestricted freedom to use .	4.750
final stage of an event or activity	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity .	0.6
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily .	4.7
at least 80 dead in northwest iran quakes	180 dead , 1,300 injured in northwest iran earthquakes	2.6
it is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .	it is better for example , they will still need forces .	2
put in a particular place or abstract location	put into a certain place or abstract location .	4.6
lightest most abundant element , atomic number 1	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas ; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe .	3.250
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone .	3.7
nterprise linux services is expected to be available before then end of this year .	beta versions of nterprise linux services are expected to be available on certain hp proliant servers in july .	2.667
a closed path is required	the circuit has a closed path	2.66666666666667
at the highest level , a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly .	from personal experience i found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful .	2.80
therefore , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	since the pagerank is the most important algorithms which is used in the google engine .	0
australian pm gillard set to win leadership challenge	australian pm defiant under pressure over leadership	2.4
two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .	4.00
beat or pound rapidly	cause to throb or beat rapidly .	4.000
syria opposition threatens to quit talks	syria opposition agrees to talks	2
what type of lag bolts should i use for a deck ?	what type of screws should i use ?	1
cancel , reverse , annul	cancel , annul , or reverse an action or its effect .	3.500
6.0-magnitude quake hits greece -- usgs	5.0-magnitude quake jolts japan	1
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i find exemplary that france will be resolved to take this step .	4.600
three men are dancing .	women are dancing .	1.300
bulb b and c both still are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	5.00
a woman is taking a shower .	a man is riding a white horse .	0.000
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement .	4.2
that said , i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws .	time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected , and a vastly different set for the commoners .	1.33
( cause to ) move back and forth or side to side	cause to move back and forth .	4.250
a woman is smoking .	a woman is making some food .	0.800
17:02 23 killed in iraq car bombings	11 children killed in syria bombings	0.60
russia destroys over 75 % of its chemical weapons stockpile	britain sees evidence assad could use chemical weapons	1
a dog is playing in the snow .	a dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it .	1.600
stocks soar on wall st lead	stocks slump on wall street	1.6
a sudden emotional vocalization	a loud utterance of emotion ( especially when inarticulate ) .	3.750
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	1.00
the state of being employed	the state of being depleted .	0
people with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another .	the common economic activities create peaceful links between people .	4.167
a young child slides down an orange slide .	a little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .	3.67
man riding a surfboard on a wave .	a man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .	4.00
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to defend workers in the sector .	4.750
any woman that wants birth control can get it .	any woman that wants and abortion can get one .	1.6
a bird perched on a flowerpot .	bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .	4.2
a man is cutting a potato .	a woman plays an electric guitar .	0.083
it 's not a good idea .	no , it 's not a good thing .	4
make tracks on a surface	make a mark or lines on a surface .	4.4
`` because by measuring voltage , you find the gap where there '' '' s a difference in electrical states . ''	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	3.80
cia chief visits israel for syria talks	cia chief in israel to discuss situation in syria	5.00
express or transform in a new form or language	change from one form or medium into another .	2.8
a woman is cutting onions .	a woman is cutting tofu .	1.800
measure the time or duration of	make weak by stunting the growth or development of .	0
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.00
saudi arabia defends maid 's execution	saudis defend maid 's beheading	3.8
best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby , all of it .	best way to turn it on its head is to get money out .	3
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .	sorry , i do n't know the answer to your question .	4
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future . some words in the frame ( e.g . foresee.v ) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true , while others do not .	look forward to the probable occurrence of ;	2.2
a white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it .	a television with a show on .	0
in his new position , dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .	dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .	4.500
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons .	north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program .	2
some men are fighting .	two men are fighting .	4.250
a written list of particular things being offered	a list of particulars ( as a playbill or bill of fare ) .	2.500
a boundary area or edge of something	a concentrated example of something .	0
dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central syria	'dozens killed ' in syrian air strike on bakery	5
a man is playing guitar .	a boy is playing a guitar .	3.200
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summarized briefly : the power of the people on bureaucracy .	5.000
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
ishikawa and wiratchant invited to augusta	ryo ishikawa and thaworn wiratchant get invites to masters	4.2
dolores mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs , colo. , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .	dolores e. mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .	4.800
two motorbikes racing on a dirt course .	two motorbikes on a dirt track .	3.4
the flavor quality of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something .	0.4
we remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue . ''	alhart said the governor `` remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions . ''	3.500
suspected u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan	u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan	3.80
china lands jade rabbit robot rover on moon	china lands robot rover on moon	4
a girl is slicing a butter into two pieces .	a woman is slicing tofu .	1.000
two men on boat floating on the water .	large green boat floating on water.l .	2.4
suicide bombs hit egypt military in sinai , kill 6	suicide bombs hit egypt military in sinai , kill 4	2.8
the black and white cows pause in front of the gate .	a black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .	2.2
turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest	turkish pm erdogan says `` duty '' to order crackdown on istanbul park protest	1
because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.60
a girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .	a person riding a dirt bike .	0.00
what is n't how what was sold ?	it 's not how it was sold , gb .	1.6
my answer to your question is `` probably not '' .	i think that the short answer to your question is : no .	4
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they have policies that take or no consideration .	3.750
if the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each .	this is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in super over is equal ...	0.60
of 24 million phoned-in votes , 50.28 percent were for studdard , putting him 130,000 votes ahead of aiken .	of the 24 million phone votes cast , studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of aiken .	3.400
to collect , acquire or gather	get or gather together .	4.750
the battery is contaied in a closed path without another component .	the battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	4.80
michael r. bloomberg credits # johnshopkinsuniversity for turning him into a leader	at $ 1.1 billion , bloomberg is top university donor in u.s .	1.2
mandela spends third day in hospital	mandela in hospital for 3rd day	5
polar bear dna 'may help fight obesity '	polar bear study may boost fight against obesity	4.80
a woman leading a white horse .	a man in a tux on a white horse .	2
( cause to ) be overcome with sudden fears	to bring or combine together or with something else .	0
goa first step in modis march to delhi	for first time in history , technion to teach engineering in russia	0
a red and white plane flying on a sunny day .	red and white plane flying through the air .	4.2
n. korea deports elderly american	north korea deports detained us war veteran	2
b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnap in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	b5 0794 / 2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnapping of colombia a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla ;	4.800
uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill	uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law	4.20
a close up of a small cactus in a pot .	a close up of a woman holding a white puppy .	0.8
prince george is christened at st james 's palace	prince george christened in london	3.80
a caveat : i 'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine .	i agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing .	0.00
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood , which has always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	4.000
work into it slowly .	it seems to work .	0
kerry call on congress to end shutdown	brazil 's congress approves internet legislation	0.40
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element	( statistics ) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance .	4.750
a surfer on a wave .	a surfer is riding a wave .	4.40
life-threatening midwest storms feared	'life-threatening ' storms feared for midwest	4.4
chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	chicago teachers union delegates could end strike	2.4
there was a negavtive gap	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	2.40
singapore stocks close 0.4 % higher	indian stocks open higher	1.8
their vast properties are protected by the govt .	their great wealth is protected by the govt .	3.2
the new system costs between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million , depending on configuration .	the system is priced from us $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million , depending on configuration .	3.600
how should i proceed about this ?	so how should i do this ?	4
turkish police mass near istanbul park protest area	british police deny protecting sex abuser savile	0
in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered . the parts can be ordered temporally ( first to last and vice versa ) or vertically ( down to up and vice versa ) . the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality .	a major division of a long written composition ;	0.8
another big gainer was rambus inc. ( nasdaq : rmbs - news - people ) , which shot 32 percent higher .	rambus inc. ( nasdaq : rmbs - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the nasdaq .	3.000
red and white bus driving down road .	a bus drives down a busy road .	3.6
a sudden , brief burst of light	a momentary brightness .	3.750
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest .	4.2
social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation .	2.8
a white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera .	the skinny cows are standing on the grass .	1.2
the state of being retained	the trait of being well behaved .	1
a boy is playing a key-board .	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light .	3.250
a document granting a right or privilege , as to an inventor .	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention .	3.8
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
i do n't think paul has a shot .	paul does n't have a shot .	3.6
china 's cpi growth slows to 1.8 pct in july	china 's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in july	2.6
two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .	two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .	4.60
a wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .	the wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water .	3.60
# djokovic sets sights on # paris party	djokovic : 3 aussie wins in a row	2.4
peter likes : dealbook : dell shares rise on news company may go private	dealbook : dell shares surge after report of possible buyout	2.8
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states .	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf states .	4.8
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are to death similar and even less transferable .	4.750
a black and white photo of an empty train station .	a black and white photo of a cat lying down .	1.6
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something .	0.2
a woman is playing the flute .	a man is playing a keyboard .	1.000
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder whether the commissioner already provides for steps to show that we consider kostunica as the legally elected representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the european union will now have to deal with .	4.600
a woman is in the rain .	a car is driving along the road .	0.000
relieve someone from work by taking a turn ; take turns working .	relieve ( someone ) from work by taking a turn .	4.8
this would be a very , very bad idea dprk . north korea threatens south korea ove un sanctions :	north korea turns its ire on south korea	3.4
seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early saturday with two young women , aged 16 and 18 .	seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early saturday with two female teens , 16 and 18 years .	3.200
russia gives initial ok to american adoption ban	russia gives initial approval to adoption ban	3.8
a woman in a black bikini top and jeans .	a woman in a black hat is standing by the subway .	1
a black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .	a dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .	2.60
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering .	4.6
measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water .	0.8
restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of .	4.8
us military presence in east asia	nato ups military presence amid russian threat	1.20
there is no path through bulb b .	there is an incomplete circuit	2.80
a man is looking at a computer monitor .	a man is using a laptop .	2.750
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of looking or seeing or observing .	0
turn in to get something in exchange	to turn in ( vouchers or coupons ) and receive something in exchange .	4.4
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries ' political systems .	some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems .	3.6
should i switch to third person or continue in first person ?	should i write my biography in the first or third person ?	3
military plane crashes in south france : authorities	military plane crashes in southeastern turkey , 1 dead	1
the meeting was 3 days long .	the meetings lasted 2 days .	2.8
scarcity and financial decision-making .	hanging on : in debt , and digging deeper to find relief	2.2
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	things deteriorate when it is a question of women from countries which have accepted this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs .	3.750
two lambs stand on a grassy hill .	two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill .	0.2
reid cites 'tremendous progress ' in debt ceiling talks	senate leaders appear close to us debt ceiling deal	2.8
good read . agree - mostly `` : parents ? financial support may not help college grades ``	parents ? financial support linked to college grades	3.6
he left the army for syria where he received religious training .	he moved to syria , where he underwent further religious training in traditional islamic beliefs .	3.000
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation .	4.250
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy .	( usually plural ) the status or rank or office of a christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy ;	1.6
a man is peeling a potato .	a man peeled a potatoe .	3.800
i ca n't think of the specifics , but i seem to remember this scenario from many years ago .	the laws of cricket say that you can declare any innings , no matter what the agreed length is .	0.00
3 dead , 4 missing in central china construction accident	one dead , 8 missing in vietnam boat accident	0.40
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .	4.750
nytimes : is delhi so different from steubenville , usa ?	op-ed columnist : is delhi so different from steubenville ?	4.4
unite ; merge with something already in existence	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	0
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	it does not was not no longer a majority voting in this parliament to return to the article 272 .	4.750
islamic state issues video of beheading of us hostage	islamic state posts second propaganda video of uk hostage	3
standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was brent newbury , president of the rockland county patrolmen 's benevolent association .	`` the whole thing is a travesty , '' fumed brent newbury , president of the rockland county patrolmen 's benevolent association .	1.500
love this -- forms at the doctor 's office just got fun -	forms at the doctor 's just got fun	4.8
administer or bestow , as portions	administer or bestow , as in small portions .	4
when at the end of the war , he was captured by the british and placed in the court to capture of the region holstein , dozens of germans were the czech consult to their learns czech .	when at the end of the war , he was captured by the british and placed in the prisoner of war camps of the region holstein , dozens of germans approached him to learn czech .	5
the amnesty international report suggested that -- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh , components or military technology to myanmar .	the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar .	3
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing the trumpet .	1.600
lebanese gunmen clash over syria crisis	syrians hold solution to syria crisis	1
sars has killed 296 people on china 's mainland and infected more than 5,200 .	throughout china 's mainland , the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270 .	3.200
south africans mark ailing mandela 's 95th birthday	south africa 's former pm nelson mandela back in hospital	1.4
the black dog is running through the snow .	a race car driver is driving his car through the mud .	0.00
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth	3.80
a young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .	a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .	1.80
a chimpanzee is hurting a woman .	a man is driving a car .	0.000
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of members , consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found , between insurers , the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers .	4.200
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was required for murder .	3.800
beaten florida teen released in israel	palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in israeli shooting	0.40
dhawan smashes india to big win over south africa	dhawan ton sets up india trophy win over south africa	4.2
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation .	3.4
the hard upper part of the human nose	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose .	4.667
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i say to you very clearly : we must give its chance kostunica and i therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty during the weeks and months ahead ; but in the meantime , i hope , however , that , politically and in terms of the budget , the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budgetary lines , namely democratisation and reconstruction .	4.200
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in parliament of the eu .	4.400
`` tennis : djokovic claims aussie triumph zmerchnews dot com ''	djokovic : 3 aussie wins in a row	1.6
a person is slicing some onions .	a hamster is singing .	0.000
to achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .	mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .	0
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member .	4.600
a cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water .	the cat tried to eat the corn on the cob .	0.600
sly stallone 's sone sage found dead in la	sylvester stallone 's son found dead at home	4.2
anthony weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	weiner falls to fourth in new nyc mayoral poll	5.00
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .	a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .	4.2
maintain or preserve a particular condition , state , or activity	continue a certain state , condition , or activity .	4.750
take someone 's soul into heaven	take up someone 's soul into heaven .	5.000
four morsi supporters killed in egypt clashes	thousands of morsi supporters gather in egypt	2.20
a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary . unlike in commerce_scenario , the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive . therefore , the element of benevolence is profiled . dual fe-layer annotation	financial assistance in time of need	1.4
a man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .	a woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape .	0.40
bayes theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .	bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	4
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which has just been voted , do not reflect .	4.600
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty .	russia ratified the amended treaty .	5
let me share my opinion as ukrainian citizen , from kharkiv , eastern ukraine .	i am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems .	0.00
a woman is carrying a boy .	a woman is carrying her baby .	2.333
miami heat wins nba finals	miami heat clinches nba championship	5
the woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .	a woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette	4.80
the place within which an authority has power	the act of adding one thing to another .	0
a white dog is playing with a ball on the beach .	a black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .	1.60
the elephants sprayed water on themselves .	elephants spray themselves with water .	3.600
israel 's peres urges return to peace talks	gonsalves keeps up pressure on dom rep	0.20
the status of being champion .	the status of being a champion .	5.000
up to 21 , mostly foreigners , killed in kabul suicide attack	briton among dead in kabul suicide attack	2.8
someone is carving a statue .	a man is carving a statue .	3.750
verisign introduced its site finder service on sept. 15 .	the battle around verisign '' s three-week-old site finder service rages on .	1.750
one of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .	it is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .	5
. people signs indicate the street .	. no signs indicate the street .	1
all eyes on khurshid‚äôs trip ...	eu finance ministers‚äô talks b ...	1.80
prof sally baldwin , 63 , from york , fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at tiburtina station , italian railway officials said .	sally baldwin , from york , was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at tiburtina station .	3.400
the witness , a 27-year-old kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty , was paid 10,000 by the news of the world .	the witness was a 27-year-old kosovan parking attendant , who was paid by the news of the world , the court heard .	3.625
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.6
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps the most important , ahmadinejad affects destabilizing , bernanke .	3.500
good read : challenges for women in india :	challenges of being woman in india	4.2
question no 6 by ( h-0886/00 ) :	question no 6 by ( h-0886 / 00 ) :	5.000
tourists kidnapped in egypt are free	the european tourists kidnapped in the sahara are visibly free .	4
this is what we think will bring in more customers .	this is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .	2
mars rover collects first bedrock sample	wawrinka reaches first grand slam final	0
a border or boundary of an object	plan , organize , and carry out ( an event ) .	0
officer injured in india anti-rape protests dies	indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies	4.2
iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap '	iran nuclear talks in geneva spur high hopes	4.4
a man is doing trick with play cards .	a man is performing a card trick .	5.000
advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something .	0.6
move or change one 's own position or quality	move very slightly .	3.000
i do n't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers .	i am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology .	3.80
a man in a black uniform on a white horse .	a man in a tux on a white horse .	3.6
in the last three weeks , progress has been made in three major areas .	these weeks , three important have been achieved .	2.400
the dow jones industrial average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the s & p 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79 .	the dow jones industrial average < .dji > fell 44 points , or 0.46 percent , to 9,568 .	1.500
cnn recent nightclub tragedies : on saturday , a massive fire at the kiss nightclub in southern brazil killed at l ...	deadly blazes : nightclub tragedies in recent history	2
connected to the negative terminal	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	2.20
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .	the young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .	3.40
but when they are of a moral or religious nature it 's not government 's business .	for them , the morality or lack of it was not the question .	1.40
klci futures traded mixed at mid-day	kl shares mixed at mid-day	3.6
still , he said , `` i 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill . ''	`` i 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill , '' frist , r-tenn. , said thursday .	3.000
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	the method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site 's pagerank .	0
a region allocated to hold something	the particular portion of space occupied by something .	4.500
the act of testing something .	the act of rejecting something .	0.4
amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained .	5
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints	creating a picture with paints .	3.6
on trade terms , the stock exchange of prague fell	after the fall of tuesday morning , the stock exchange of prague réctifia its losses .	2
the technology-packed nasdaq composite index < .ixic > dropped 37.78 points , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 .	the nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .	2.000
a man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .	a woman posing by a pillar with a u2 sign .	0
the `` effect '' people are talking about is n't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes .	it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .	2.17
it is a national concern that will touch virtually every american , '' abraham said .	the impact of natural-gas shortages `` will touch virtually every american , '' energy secretary spencer abraham warned yesterday .	3.250
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
a panda is sliding down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .	4.600
a little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .	a kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game .	0.20
a man and woman are walking .	a man and woman walking hold each other .	3.200
palestinians , israeli police clash at jerusalem 's al-aqsa	palestinian shot by israeli police in east jerusalem dies	2
the larger editorial houses are working their way to the internet , seen by many as the `` murderer '' of the paper newspaper .	the larger houses éditrices work their way to the internet , seen by many as the `` murderer '' the paper newspaper .	4
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't .	you should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so .	0
china yuan weakens to 6.1059 against usd	china yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against usd friday	1.60
vietnam has among the world 's strictest drug laws .	vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .	5
a perceptual distinction based on color or shading .	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors .	4.4
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth .	4.500
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	a couple who have left ?	1.000
the state of being suspected .	the state of being rejected .	0.8
israel to free palestinian hunger striker	israel asks us for arms that could aid iran strike	0.8
now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .	with the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia accident , the rookies will have to wait even longer .	4.400
a brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .	a blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .	0.00
gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .	gemstar shares moved higher on the news , closing up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on nasdaq .	3.800
the volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by bush , said senate president jim king .	the senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 gov . jeb bush proposes , said senate president jim king .	2.750
a dog is opening a fridge .	a dog closes a refrigerator door .	1.750
bulb a and c are still in a closed path with the battery .	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	5.00
he urged patience from americans eager for the service , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .	the free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .	3.000
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was sought for murder .	3.600
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of catching an object with the hands .	0.2
a tiger club is playing with a ball .	a person is chopping shrimp with a knife .	0.000
how can i remove a really stuck screw ?	how can i remove a stuck screw that will still turn ?	4
chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape	chinese general ’ s son gets 10 years ’ jail for gang-rape	4.2
a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society .	make a discovery , make a new finding ;	2.6
a man with a bicycle at a coffee house .	man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop .	3.2
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	2.60
a beauty contest to be held in italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups .	a new beauty contest kicking off in italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry sophia 's sex-symbol status .	3.250
a red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti .	the red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building .	3.6
france confronts mali jihadists	france vows to halt mali jihadists	3.4
kids , adults , booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix . ''	the crates are full of hardback copies of `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix . ''	2.200
thousands cross austria-hungary border	thousands of russians stranded abroad	1
when the switch is in the same papth as the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.40
two people are in bed .	two boxers are in the ring .	0.00
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue .	4.8
until two days ago , i did n't know they actually made guns for kids ( and i 'm not talking about toy guns ) .	source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw ?	0.00
sleep , perchance to dream and our memories not unseem mt : brain ageing & sleep-related memory decline ”	brain aging linked to sleep-related memory decline	3.8
a grey hound is active in a grassy field .	a bunch of bikes racing on a track .	0.00
hundreds of bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	hundreds fall sick in bangladesh factory	4.4
immerse briefly into liquid or container	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet , coat , or saturate .	3.6
if it was n't bollocks it would n't be homeopathy .	that 's simple logic if it was n't bollocks it would n't be homeopathy .	4.8
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	4.60
nytimes : d. brainerd holmes , a leader in space race , dies at 91	d. brainerd holmes , top nasa official , dies at 91	3.6
obama holds talks over syria action	cameron loses parliamentary vote on syria military action	1.4
a group of penguins is walking .	a large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean .	2.800
i have no problem with those that have money !	i have many problems with these men , way to many to state here !	0.2
of course , there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the cˇtú that telecommunications are , from the point of view of economic competition , a single market .	of course , there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the cˇtú according to which the telecommunications are , from the point of view of economic competition , a single market .	4
so , i guess that 's it .	seriously , it 's true .	1.17
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is still being eu is one of a - in the change from a third country .	3.600
do n't get any ideas , . u.s. programmer outsources own job to china , surfs cat videos -	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos	4.6
two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	nato soldier killed in afghan blast	3.6
break up a solid , usually into a solution	become or cause to become soft or liquid .	3.9738
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .	4.500
a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .	the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .	4.60
pulitzer-winning poet tracy k. smith 's sunday routine :	poetry , puppets and playgrounds	0.4
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	there is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda .	5.000
bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected .	chief financial officer andy bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .	3.500
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another .	2.4
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .	the areva group is the world 's largest nuclear engineering firm .	0
margaret thatcher , former u.k. pm , dead at 87	margaret thatcher dies at 87	3.80
on saturday , a 149mph serve against agassi equalled rusedski 's world record .	on saturday , roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h . serve in beating andre agassi .	3.500
breaks my heart `` : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency. ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.2
a dining table with candles , wine , and a teapot .	a wooden table is set with candles , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .	3
a little boy hits a golf ball .	the little boy swung at the golf ball .	4.000
a computer server	( computer science ) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network .	3.000
the wifi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in britain .	the world 's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in great britain .	4.000
a man is carrying another man over his shoulder .	a man is carrying someone on his shoulder .	3.250
paper is being cut with scissors .	a piece of paper is being cut .	4.000
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	a and c are in different paths	1.40
yesterday , shares closed up 29 cents , or 0.54 percent , at $ 54.32 .	amazon 's shares yesterday closed at $ 54.32 on the nasdaq stock market , up 29 cents .	2.800
china launches probe and rover to moon	china launches first moon rover mission	4.00
i visited peru in august , starting from lima and touring for three weeks .	cusco : high : 70f low : 40f this is just before the rainy season ( dec-mar ) and crowds are general less .	0.20
regard with consideration or respect	regard or treat with consideration , respect , and esteem .	4.6
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents , usually to an addressee . the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text .	look at , interpret , and say out loud something that is written or printed ;	3.4
washington pot shops prepare for historic sales	washington pot shops prepare for historic sales	5.00
trace the form or outline of	show the form or outline of .	4
iran ( islamic republic of ) : iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	4.6
the jury is not told about juror nullification .	the quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification .	1.6
was it as gruelling for them as i 'm imagining ?	as to what happened to their missing kid .	0.60
east german rights activist gauck elected president	joachim gauck elected as german president	4
capture , ensnare , discover in the act	discover or come upon accidentally , suddenly , or unexpectedly ; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state .	2.750
provide a cure for , make healthy again	this frame deals with a healer treating and curing an affliction ( the injuries , disease , or pain ) of the patient , sometimes also mentioning the use of a particular treatment or medication .	3.8025
a bloody man and woman pose for a picture .	a man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture .	2.00
a man is riding a horse .	a man is playing a keyboard .	0.200
issue bonds on something	issue bonds on .	4.000
a black-and-white photo of a loveseat .	a black and white photo of an old train station .	1.2
also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one .	i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold .	0.83
a large black bird is sitting in the water .	the birds are swimming in the water .	2.6
jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , many arriving passengers in atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .	jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in atlanta .	4.200
a cruise liner docked at a port .	a cruise ship docked at a coast .	3.2
two dairy cows drinking from a pond .	two cows are drinking from a pond .	4.6
`` i feel confident saying that hp is no longer an integration story , '' fiorina said .	`` we still have a lot to do , but i feel confident that hp is no longer an integration story . ''	3.400
class of students taught together	a body of students who are taught together .	5
three dogs running through water .	a black dog running through water .	1.00
the ideology was built around violent expansion , so yes - violent expansion .	the ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority .	4
from what i understand this is what you can do :	can you do this ?	2
if i owe you , dollars , i have a problem .	if i owe you a trillion dollars , you have a problem .	2.2
hot-air balloon catches fire in virginia	hot air balloon 'catches fire and crashes '	2.80
`` we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , '' muqtada al sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .	`` we condemn and denounce the governing council , which is headed by the united states , '' moqtada al-sadr said .	4.200
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	3.00
the man is slicing a potato .	a man is slicing potato .	5.000
an event takes place at a place and time .	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation ;	1
the rescue or release of someone , something	recovery or preservation from loss or danger .	2.200
what 's the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside ?	what 's the best/easiest way to install and wire a wall light ?	2
little white lamb with nose to wood .	a white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .	3.8
`` he really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , '' daughter linda hope said .	`` he really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... he gave us each a kiss and that was it , '' she said .	3.250
us to determine extent of chemical weapons use by syria	what we know so far about chemical weapons in syria 's civil war	2
a boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog .	a sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands .	0.00
romney announces paul ryan as running mate	romney names ryan as running mate	5
world news headlines displayed on a large screen .	a man dressed for a race relaxes .	0
three dogs play in a grassy field .	some kids play in a field .	1.20
the white sheep is standing on the green hill .	a sheep stands on a hillside .	4
a man is slicing cucumber with a knife .	a man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet .	0.750
missing plane search turns to vietnamese islands	missing malaysia airlines plane 'crashes off vietnam '	3.00
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are quite honourably here .	4.167
eventually we 'll all be good with `` a full time job with the feds . ''	i 'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds .	3.40
the nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic gained 13.73 points , or 0.81 percent , to finish at 1,700.34 .	3.750
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point , is the fact that we have initiated within category four , with his approach , but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem , not least because the council does not wish to participate enough food for thought .	4.400
french raid wine cellar for austerity auction	us praises ukraine deal ; calls for concrete action	0.20
a chef is preparing some food .	a chef prepared a meal .	4.000
two sheep stand in a doorway .	two rams stand on snowy ground .	1.4
`` these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate , '' bush said , adding that the united states will find the killers .	these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the united states will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of american justice .	3.500
do you understand why it 's absurd to limit the question to us residents ?	do you understand why non-us residents are also relevant to the statistics ?	3.2
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can apply besides to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs in so far as the consumer of drug is the only one to run risks .	4.000
a person who takes pictures , often a professional	someone who takes photographs professionally .	4.2
after hughes refused to rehire hernandez , he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission .	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued .	3.400
but we ca n't do it without help .	we ca n't do it without you . ''	3.6
q : can i buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?	congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs .	1.250
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .	the bottom line is that when interest rates go up , the values of credit fall .	5.000
a man is playing an electronic keyboard .	a man is playing a flute .	1.200
do i really need a redundant sump pump ?	do i need to install a sump pump ?	3
it 's not a good idea .	it 's a good question .	0
a person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face .	a medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area .	0.00
italian foreign minister confers with ghana vp	belgian prime minister sends condolences to victims	0.20
usain bolt wins 200m – steven howard reaction	facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth : reaction	0.2
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race .	1.2
let 's let this play out in court .	nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court .	3.8
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.714
i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights into the eventual treaty of nice .	i have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted at nice .	5.000
red double decker bus with hood open .	an old red london double decker bus with its hood raised .	4.2
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	4.200
syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse	syria divided opposition struggles within wider syrian struggle	2.20
the act of moving , turning something	the act of passing from one state or place to the next .	2.2
p ( b ) is the prior or marginal probability of b , and acts as a normalizing constant .	p ( b|a ) is the conditional probability of b given a .	1
this `` plot '' smells a rat .	not srs this `` plot '' smells a rat .	4.20
google names new motorola mobility ceo	google appoints dennis woodside to run motorola mobility	3.8
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained it in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive .	4.800
strive against another or others to attain a goal	compete for something ; engage in a contest ; measure oneself against others .	3.2
nytimes : victory for anthony and for knicks	win for anthony and for knicks	4.8
a woman is riding a horse .	a woman is riding a donkey .	2.800
acknowledge a contribution or cause	have trust in ; trust in the truth or veracity of .	0.750
two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .	two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .	3.20
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	a black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .	3
a woman is cutting a cucumber .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.000
`` why did n't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration ? ''	why did n't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled ?	3.80
the closest i 'll every get to hollywood : # greenfashion on the red carpet	iht rendezvous : green fashion on the red carpet	2
one side is closed the other side is open .	the battery is in an open path	0.60
south korea declares end to mers outbreak	north korea delegation meets with south korean officials	0
romney , obama clash on tax , economy in first debate	obama and romney take stage for first debate	2.2
a young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a `` going places '' bus .	tthe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus .	3
arrange a programme for an individual , group , or entity .	arrange a program of or for .	3.4
mt gox reveals 200,000 'forgotten ' bitcoin haul	mt gox finds 200,000 'forgotten ' bitcoins	5
tokyo shares open higher over buoyant u.s. market	tokyo shares open higher tracing u.s. gains	4
on the need for humanity in online learning .	online courses need human element to educate	3.8
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state .	the condition of living or the state of being alive ;	2.6
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine .	3.4
slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the czech republic .	slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the union at the same time as the czech republic .	4.400
a group of people having a drink .	a row of locomotives on a siding in a field .	0
tsunami warning : no need for sa to panic	tsunami warning after aceh quake	2.2
prepare , arrange ; create or organize for a particular purpose	any area set aside for a particular purpose .	2
the value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to corel .	including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to corel .	5.000
two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break .	the man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .	0.00
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	the occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential .	4.250
`` [ o ] ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya , his view of the brits , for example , very different than the average american , '' huckabee told host steve malzberg , the washington post reported .	and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits , for example , very different from the average american .	4.00
`` she was crying and scared , ' said isa yasin , the owner of the store .	`` she was crying and she was really scared , '' said yasin .	3.800
a boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .	a man jumps while on a snowboard .	0.80
a black and white dog is running through the grass .	a tan dog is walking through snow .	2.00
a family is playing on the beach with their dog .	a naked little girl being thrown into the air .	0.00
a woman is chopping an onion .	a woman is chopping garlic with a knife .	1.800
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we are part of the club , or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision .	4.400
you may have to experiment and find what you like .	you have to find out what works for you .	5
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism . an organism is described as something that can be alive , or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions , however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life .	living things collectively ;	1.6
spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations , covariance and probabilities .	there 's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging , and the sophisticated version .	2.00
us hospitals turn away visitors with flu symptoms - nyt	hospitals place restrictions on visitors of flu patients	3.2
a man and a woman are kissing each other .	a man and a woman are talking to each other .	0.600
obama travels to tornado-ravaged oklahoma	obama visits tornado hit oklahoma	4.6
then , when i became a dancer , i was trying to take care of my way to pay .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a job at risk , i supprimerai .	0
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr. president , i will concentrate in my intervention on the report/ratio of mrs. lalumière , report/ratio which i find formulated well conceived and clearly .	4.600
spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 gmt , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since february 10 .	spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 gmt , having darted as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not seen since february 25 .	3.250
the human act of making something new .	the speech act of making something evident .	1.26666666666667
how to remove a ticks on my dog ?	how to remove a tick on a dog ?	5
work material with a tool	work with a tool .	3.750
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	evaluate or estimate the nature , quality , ability , extent , or significance of .	3.500
a girl in a riding hat on a horse .	a girl riding a tan horse .	3.8
egypt : ipi urges release of al jazeera journalist arrested in berlin	egypt sentences al jazeera journalists to jail	1
a white and black dog is jumping into a pool .	a woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .	0.00
if the universe has an explanation of its existence , that explanation is god .	therefore , the universe has an explanation of its existence .	2.4
a person is riding a horse .	a man is riding a motorcycle .	1.800
avengers sets box office record	'hunger games ' sets box office records	1.6
the act of moving in a hurried manner .	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner .	3.6
intuitions , a hunch or feeling	maintain ( a theory , thoughts , or feelings ) .	1.4
there is a gap between terminal one and two	there is no gap between them	1.50
religion that does that i have a problem with .	irreligion that does n't do that i do n't have a problem with .	1.4
santorum 's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	'kony 2012 ' director hospitalized	0.6
higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .	the federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .	4.000
penn traffic 's stock closed at 36 cents per share on wednesday on nasdaq , up two cents .	penn traffic stock closed wednesday at 36 cents , up 2 cents , or 6.2 percent , from tuesday 's close .	3.750
# bloomberg : assault weapon ban tough sell pub . enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor : big gulps and # guns . # ocra	bloomberg : assault weapons ban is tough sell	3.8
thai protesters obstruct vote ; 1 dead in violence	thai protesters block polling stations in bangkok	2.8
bind somebody or become bound emotionally	be in some specified state or condition .	0.2
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .	4.2
gaza rockets lands in ashkelon coast area ; none hurt	rocket fired from gaza damages home in sderot ; none hurt	3
a woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl .	a woman is cracking an egg into a bowl .	3.800
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
there are a few things i think you should do .	there are a few things i do n't understand :	0
`` vine is twitter 's attempt to be the instagram of video , '' form a nerdier sentence . do n't try ! its impossible !	vine is twitter 's attempt to become the 'instagram of video '	4
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.40
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	a and c are in different paths	0.60
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop	( chemistry ) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop .	5.000
10 dead , five injured in sw china road accident	5 hurt in gaza city car accident	1.00
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i would urge prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow them up , and to ensure that , together with this house , these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned .	4.500
tokyo to host 2020 games	tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympic games	4.80
no extortion , no bribery , no money involved he 's asking for money for his vote .	no extortion , no bribery , no money involved only class e felonies .	3.8
australia cuts rates to record low	australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75 %	3.80
a woman is boiling shrimp .	a woman is combing her hair .	1.000
do n't hate your fellow americans .	do n't be jealous and bitter .	1.17
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon	1.4
the men played follow the leader on the grass .	the rhino grazed on the grass .	1.000
this frame contains transparent nouns ( and some adjectives ) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals . as opposed to aggregate words such as group , set , these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own . initially , at least , we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame , though we may split the frame along these lines later on .	not excessive or extreme ;	0
those conversations had not taken place as of tuesday night , according to an oracle spokeswoman .	those talks have not taken place , according to an oracle spokeswoman .	4.000
yes , there is at least one to my knowledge .	to my knowledge , there 's no time requirement .	1
little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .	a black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .	1.00
a woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it .	a woman is preparing an egg in a skillet .	1.250
harris and klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on april 20 , 1999 .	harris and klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .	3.800
oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .	oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 13.51 on the nasdaq .	1.600
the stars of the flamenco like diego el cigala , chano lobato , cristina hoyos , enrique morente , el lebrijano , antonio canales , vicente amigo , among others , are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed .	the stars of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco as diego el cigala , chano lobato , cristina hoyos , enrique morente , el lebrijano , antonio canales , vicente amigo , among others , are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed .	4
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder if the commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider koitunica as the legally elected representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the european union will now address .	4.800
a animal is eating .	the animal is hopping .	0.400
to give this an answer :	i 'll answer this question :	4
there are a few things you can do :	there are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .	3
'fast & amp ; furious ' star paul walker dies in car crash	paul walker dead : fast and furious star , 40 , killed in car crash	4.80
the new study does not support your claim .	the physical evidence does not support your claim .	2.2
chinese shares close higher on tuesday	chinese shares close lower on wednesday	1.80
rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in ill .	rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in ill .	5.00
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	as the only white in the hall , i understood why the question was being asked .	0.00
the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .	brown and white cows are eating from a trough .	4.8
scores killed in egyptian protests	turkey 's pm warns against protests	1.20
chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise , deciding the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .	he or she decides the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .	3.200
surround completely ; close in , as if with a covering or border .	surround completely .	3.500
question no 6 by ( h-0886/00 ) :	question nº 6 of ( h-0886/00 ) :	4.400
i ca n't carry on as i am , so i do need to know what his long term intentions are .	i do n't mean to be dense , but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are ?	2.20
people ride mopeds in an urban setting .	people riding horses in a fenced area .	1.4
a woman is doing weight exercises .	a woman is exercising with a barbell .	3.500
the act or means of getting rid of something .	the physical position of something .	0.4
the act of perpetrating a crime	the act of committing a crime .	5
a red and white bus drives down an england street .	a red and white england bus drives down the street .	4.4
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of those members who are quite properly here .	3.500
yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	kenya red cross says death toll rises to 68	0.40
the transaction will expand callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .	the transaction will expand callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales .	3.500
provide or equip specifically with furniture .	provide or equip with furniture .	4.750
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance . also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece , e.g . relating to its size .	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer 's capabilities	0
indicate a decision or prediction	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee .	0.8
didier reynders on syria	obama 's day : prime time on syria	1.60
mr. turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .	the sales leave mr. turner with about 45 million shares in aol .	1.600
hurricane sandy makes landfall in southeastern jamaica : nhc	hurricane sandy reaches jamaica	3
peace rules defeated funny cide in the louisiana derby .	but neither he nor peace rules could keep funny cide from drawing away .	2.250
this eclipses the old record of set in .	this breaks the daily record of set in .	4.8
eu ministers of employment and social policy will discuss how to boost employment , integrate social and economic policies	eu ministers of employment and social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies	3
red grapes and blueberries boost immune system , scientists say	red grapes , blueberries boost human immunity	4.2
senior pakistani taliban commander captured in afghanistan	pakistan shi'ites demand protection from militants	0.6
i was going to the court believing i could do this , only if i played my best tennis .	`` i was believing that i was confident i could do this , but only in the case i would play my best tennis .	4.800
complain about something or say mean things to someone .	say mean things .	3.000
the conservatives are currently on 37 % of the vote , labour on 28 % and the lib dems on 23 % .	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .	1.17
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	losing on the question of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition .	4.667
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes .	0
bulb a creates a gap	each bulb is in its own path	1.40
he was taken to a hospital for precautionary x-rays on his neck .	harvey was taken to st. luke 's hospital for precautionary neck x-rays , which came back negative .	3.250
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance .	0.4
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic .	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future ;	3.8
march is also the date for the uprising in china .	originally posted by vitchilo march is also the date for the uprising in china .	4
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration 's fiscal year .	like the `` housing '' bubble at the beginning of the bush administration .	1.20
a man is riding a bicycle .	a man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot .	3.250
( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	5.000
israeli pm makes case on iran to us voters	israel blames iran for attacks on its diplomats	1.2
who spends so much money on food ? that 's so retarded : ) the unaffordable luxury of food	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food	1.8
the light bulb is not in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	2.00
pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday	3.8
a heroic doctor returns to congo	doctor returns to congo and is hailed as a hero	4.4
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiations , and therefore , of enlargement .	5.000
as i remember , in geneva at least , there are open air markets on a weekly basis .	this page list all the big christmas markets in switzerland .	2.00
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something .	4.8
it is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations , because emotion can contain both .	technically speaking , an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain , both involve neurotransmitters .	2.80
the farther away , the faster the galaxies move away from us .	here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website .	0.00
`` it would be a mistake to underestimate her .	`` it would be a mistake to the underestimate .	3
the answer to one open question , the outcome , is dictated ( partially or completely ) by the answer to another open question , the determinant , i.e . if the answer to the determinant is known , the answer to the outcome can be predicted . the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed .	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another ;	2.4
other ways are needed .	it is necessary to find other means .	4.500
yes , you have to file a tax return in canada .	you are not required to file a tax return in canada if you have no taxable income .	1
a romantic partner , girlfriend or boyfriend	( slang ) a person 's girlfriend or boyfriend .	4.4
assad warns turkey of 'heavy price ' for backing syrian rebels	cabinet at war over arming syrian rebels	1.00
initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration , hyperthermia and suffocation .	two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration , hypothermia and suffocation .	3.250
books to help kids talk about boston marathon news	report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon	0.8
ray brent marsh , 29 , faces multiple counts of burial service fraud , making false statements , abuse of a dead body and theft .	ray brent marsh , 29 , also faces charges of abuse of a body , and theft .	3.800
a man is slicing vegetables .	a woman is slicing a potato .	2.250
a dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .	a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .	4.40
china stocks end lower thursday	china stocks close lower on thursday	5
a woman is doing weight exercises .	a woman is doing her hair .	0.500
a person is slicing a bread pieces .	a man is slicing bread .	3.200
analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to thomson first call .	analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $ 614 million , according to the thomson first call web site .	1.500
the act of putting a preparation on something .	give certain properties to something .	0.4
china 's cabinet promises to boost economy	china 's wen promises job creation	3.2
so sad news : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire .	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.8
a large gray dog is playing in the deep snow .	four dogs playing in the snow .	2.60
two children in a field of red flowers .	two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .	4.80
world news update , what you need to know	labour 's 50p tax rate : what you need to know	0.60
terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state .	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	3.60
`` in it was a mental illness , now what are they teaching you ? ''	he stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry ?	1.6
a woman is slicing an onion .	someone is slicing a onion .	3.250
what happened to personal responsibility and accountability ?	it 's the individual citizens ' responsibility to fund their own behavior .	1.83
devries did make one stop in town wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the soledad police department .	convicted child molester brian devries spoke out in response to community outrage wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the soledad police department .	3.250
kardashian divorce ready for trial	hard-hit hotels ready for price war	0
no , you do n't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area .	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems .	0.00
red double decker bus .	red double decker bus with hood up .	3.75
it would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the remote procedure call ( rpc ) vulnerability .	the flaw involves the remote procedure call ( rpc ) protocol , which deals with inter-computer communications .	2.500
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.40
a young boy is punching a yellow ball .	a small dog jumps over a yellow beam .	0.40
although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .	although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .	4.250
women 's sleeveless undergarment	a woman 's sleeveless undergarment .	5.000
a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .	black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug .	5
so was this upholding the law , or just armed robbery ?	i ca n't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..	0.00
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but as the european union itself , this will be built and this will happen .	4.000
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	large pax europa of today , just like current prosperity paneuropéenne , depends on it .	4.000
a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight .	3
two women sitting on brown couch .	two women standing outside of a bus .	1
unless it 's different in different countries ?	so , short form , yes , it probably is different in different countries .	3.6
use resources or materials	use up ( resources or materials ) .	5.000
not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .	not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps .	4
mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .	instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .	0
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	moreover , the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions .	5.000
tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .	for the current academic year , tuition at public colleges averaged $ 4,694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .	1.500
the important thing i try to remember is just to pay attention .	i have been reading on this topic since i have asked this question .	0.00
a man is cutting up a potato .	a man is cutting up carrots .	2.375
the respected medical journal lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the united kingdom .	a leading u.k. medical journal called friday for a complete ban on tobacco , prompting outrage from smokers ' groups .	3.400
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment .	depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda .	4.6
perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting .	perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .	3.750
us soldier accused of afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	us soldier accused of killing afghan civilians identified	2
an open switch stops the energy flow	the path is not closed	2.00
medics transport a patient on a stretcher .	a doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher .	3.400
a group of people are marching in place .	a group of people are dancing in concert .	1.700
remove from a place or from office	remove from memory or existence .	1
the missile exploded .	a rocket exploded .	3.200
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.26666666666667
the answer to both questions is : yes .	to directly answer the two questions in your title .	0
( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	5.000
children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .	several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .	4.50
at least 12 dead in washington ...	at least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest balochistan	0.40
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my view , there is , however , nothing worse than to have to warn the people a ruling in their favour could be a series of reassuring words and have no concrete result on their existence .	3.800
and that 's why you 're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions ?	still refusing to answer my questions ?	3.4
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits .	4.6
chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment july 3 .	mr. chapman , who has n't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next thursday , prosecutors said .	3.800
i should like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , mr brok , for his clear , comprehensive report .	i thank the rapporteur for the committee on foreign affairs , mr brok , for his clear and comprehensive report .	3.800
narendra modi 'photoshopped ' image of chennai floods visit goes viral	pm narendra modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality	0
nine seconds later , it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent .	nine seconds later , spaceshipone broke the sound barrier , the company said .	3.000
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably .	4.000
the man cut up an onion .	a man is dancing .	0.600
a little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .	a young girl standing in front of a fountain	4.00
sobig.f spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as `` thank you ! , '' `` re : details '' or `` re : that movie . ''	the virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like `` thank you ! '' and `` re : details '' .	4.000
central african republic president overthrown by rebels	central african republic president , pm stepping down	2.6
a woman is adding pasta to a pot of water .	a woman is making noodles .	3.600
james : says faith without works is dead .	paul did not preach faith without works .	2.2
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to store chopped vegetables ?	1
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting .	2.2
the act of combining , blending , integrating	the act of mixing together .	3.4
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election	putin claims victory in presidential vote	4.2
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( the parliament adopts the legislative resolution )	5.000
this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers .	so at least based on the available data , it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems .	3.80
three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .	three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .	2.20
a sheep standing in a mountainous area .	a large sheep standing on a hill .	4.4
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths	2.20
sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies double gets trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies in at the double	4
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	there is no closed path containing the battery	3.60
federal doma does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th amendments to the constitution .	doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the constitution .	4.00
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
a dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag .	a pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .	3.80
democracy is a threat to liberty .	democracy has nothing to do with liberty .	1.8
the act of protesting , dissenting	the act of hitting vigorously .	0
your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight .	i 'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation .	0.40
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of choosing or selecting .	0.2
( cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed .	0.4
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere	the act of admitting someone to enter .	4.000
x'mas cruise passengers hit by norovirus	missing cruise passenger is a nsw ambo	0
put up your nukes [ dukes ] ! `` north korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against u.s. '' jacques	n. korea makes new threats against u.s .	2
a woman is slicing up some meat .	a woman is slicing some onions .	2.000
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something .	0
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , for purposes of cooking or processing .	immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , often for cooking purposes .	5.000
protect with or as if with a shield	separate with or as if with an instrument .	0
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ .	4.2
you do n't need any visa .	you do n't need sauce at all .	0
`` the gloves are off , '' said unifi official rob o'neill .	unifi official rob o'neill said : `` the gloves are off .	5.000
obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal : aide	japan urges u.s. to quickly handle budget deadlock	0.8
monty python to reunite for new show	monty python to reunite on stage	4.00
is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle ?	is it safe to replace a switch with a dimmer on halogen spots ?	1
hollande 'threatens legal action ' after affair allegations	françois hollande threatens legal action over affair claims	4
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	a and c are not in the same path	3.80
the military officer barked at the recruits .	an officer is talking to recruits .	2.500
is it in the food supply ? '' says david ropeik , director of risk communication at the harvard center for risk analysis .	`` it 's not zero , '' said david ropeik , director of risk communication at the harvard center for risk analysis .	1.750
you should n't feel any obligation at all .	you do n't need sauce at all .	0
by the numbers : women in the u.s. military nah not good idea	by numbers : women in u.s. military	3.6
if one bulb is removed , the others stop working	a and c are in the same closed path	0.60
the electrical states between the terminals is the same , resulting in 0	the terminals are in the same state .	4.00
a white animal running through snow covered woods .	a white dog runs through a snow covered wood .	3.4
-not- talking about it 'and ' -not- doing anything .	is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything .	2.8
first , double-check the dog 's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive .	first , you should realize that this is not you or your dog 's problem .	1.60
worldcom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in july 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .	worldcom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in july , 2002 .	3.857
a bicycle is parked by a shop .	a green bike parked outside a book store .	3.8
there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location . in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location . the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness , as shown in the following examples	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness ; shadowed or black ;	1.8
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
understand the meaning of something .	get the meaning of something .	4.6
have a strong sexual attraction to	feel or have a desire for ; want strongly .	2.000
a clown is singing and people are dancing .	a clown is singing .	3.000
so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his `` friends '' do n't control is not hurting job growth ?	| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his `` friends '' do n't control is not hurting job growth ?	4.00
a woman is picking tomatoes .	a woman is pouring batter into a bowl .	1.000
telemarketers who call numbers on the list after oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call .	under the law , telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $ 11,000 for each violation .	3.600
google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .	after this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .	0
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .	0
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison .	djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years .	0.6
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations , and therefore of enlargement .	5.000
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun .	4.4
both are being held in the armstrong county jail .	tatar was being held without bail in armstrong county prison today .	2.500
the act of putting something to use .	the act of hiring something or someone .	0.8
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.60
on the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the czech market is extremely concurrenciez .	but given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the czech regulators is disconcerting .	1
2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in iraq	15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq	2.2
brown dog splashing into the water .	four dogs splashing in the water	2.40
palestinians 'hit ' by israeli fire in gaza	two palestinians killed in an israeli air strike on gaza	2.8
the human act of making something new .	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new .	3.500
syria rejects us , uk chemical arms claims	us suspects syria used chemical weapons	2.6
vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	since the pagerank is the most important algorithms which is used in the google engine .	0
# wal-mart plans to hire any # veteran who wants a # job	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans	4.4
opec producers at a meeting on wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of iraqi oil .	opec this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel 's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of iraqi exports undercutting oil prices .	2.800
wear or display , as in a facet of something or an article of clothing .	a consequence of someone 's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances .	0
what prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs , but the needs of their # caregiver # hpm	the new old age blog : what you need to bring your loved one home to die	2.6
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something .	0.6
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.000
two men are fighting .	two men are fighting using a form of martial arts .	2.800
a woman is peeling a potato .	a man is slicing potato .	2.400
all we know is this : distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us .	the expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other .	3.40
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin .	the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin .	3.4
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , technological progress radicals have made these threats slip .	4.250
a golden dog is running on the grass .	the large beige dog is running through the grass .	3.40
a man is breaking wooden boards with his hand .	a man is breaking tiles with his hands .	2.500
a tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open , but not much .	no , a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what 's inside .	3.00
interesting perspective on # broncos playcalling -	the cautious calls of john fox	2
- video shows usda official saying she did n't give 'full force ' of help to white farmer date says 7/20 .	- video shows usda official saying she did n't give 'full force ' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post , as it will make you appear less silly .	3.80
a person on a bmx bike .	a man on a bike in mid-air	3.00
thin metal strips used in typesetting	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing .	3.8
cameron 'has no concerns ' over halal meat	veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays	0.00
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of drawing or hauling something .	0.4
facebook boosts size of ipo by 25pc to raise $ 15bn	facebook boosts size of ipo by 25 percent	3.6
there is a chemical reaction .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.20
a lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .	two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .	1.00
casey anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out .	casey anthony convictions thrown out	3.4
is that how it works ?	nah , that 's not how it works .	1.6
a portion or percentage of a whole	the part played by a person in bringing about a result .	0.500
the commission estimates california lost $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001 .	the commission estimated california lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .	2.750
jagan reddy shifted to hospital , power crisis continues in seemandhra	telangana : jagan to spend thursday in hospital ; blackout continues in seemandhra	4.2
two little girls in pink are dancing .	two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .	0.00
i 'm serious about this .	i 'm not sure about any of those .	0.60
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it depends on what you want to say/imply .	1
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda 's counterpart in canada .	the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .	5.000
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	losing on the issue of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not only for the policies on competition .	4.750
a woman is pouring egg into a frying pan .	a man is petting two dogs .	0.167
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is rowing a boat .	0.800
what can i eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?	what foods can i eat to keep my energy up in an office job in the afternoon ?	2
russian military ordered to switch to socks i learned something new today ! ! !	at war blog : russian military ordered to switch portyanki for socks	4
obama team raises debate stakes	obama takes offensive against romney in debate	2.8
to no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous .	they had a treaty beginning in 1941 , after a few skirmishes along the area in question .	0.60
three dogs playing in the snow .	three dogs run in the snow .	4.20
what can i do about out of square rough opening for new windows ?	what can i do about a rough opening that is really out of square ?	4
chinese envoy rebuts vietnamese , philippine accusations over south china sea	china 's xi tells vietnam wants peace in south china sea	3.20
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.00
in pakistan , army adamant on fighting the other taliban	pak army adamant on fighting the other taleban	4.8
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is a subject more controversial , the commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	4.400
russia 'alone ' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack : us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use	2.6
dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research .	4.600
because of the gap	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	2.33333333333333
the state of being absent .	the state of being excommunicated .	0.4
they will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams .	they continue to put the pressure that they earn . money with the distribution of the limit of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position .	4.600
they deserve such unkind words .	kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory	0
two black dogs playing in the snow .	a black dog digs in the snow .	3.40
# csis388_dave facebook disrupting online dating	how facebook 's graph search could disrupt online dating	3.6
shares of halliburton fell 71 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the new york stock exchange .	halliburton shares fell 54 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 21.76 a share in midday new york stock exchange trade .	2.400
a woman is adding spices on a meat .	woman is adding sugar to meat .	2.750
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei .	the president has fewer powers than it seems , and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei .	4.500
a woman is using a sewing machine .	a woman is sewing on a machine .	5.000
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun .	4
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction .	3.6
freddie starr arrested in savile abuse probe	third man arrested in savile sex abuse probe	3.2
where to go in 2013 by ! offers insightful explorations to most of these !	the 46 places to go in 2013	3.2
how do i teach my toddler to chew his food ?	how do you teach a toddler not to share ?	1
the lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water .	the lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil .	1.600
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	regard something as probable or likely .	4.8
3d version of ? top gun ? was rejected by # china 's censors . the line `` religion is darkness ' in `` life of pi '' gt the x too	in hollywood movies for china , bureaucrats want a say	1
british soldier killed in southern afghanistan	two british soldiers killed in afghanistan	3
cause to reproduce ( plants or animals )	cause to procreate ( animals ) .	4.500
here we go again.. a man says he 's 'certain ' he knows where hoffa is buried .	man convicted in mob crimes says he 's 'certain ' where hoffa is buried	3.4
five convicted in kosovo organ trafficking case	kosovo : 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case	2.8
a woman is playing the flute .	a girl is playing a flute .	3.800
israel 'bombs ' syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	fierce clashes in east syria as us pushes peace talks	2.20
create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together .	4.500
a group of youngsters swim in lake water	many children are playing and swimming in the water .	4.40
the problem is n't who has money .	the problem is who does n't have money .	2.46666666666667
the man cut down a tree with an axe .	a man chops down a tree with an axe .	5.000
a ballet dancer is performing on stage .	the beaver is being petted .	0.000
how can i repair a towel bar with one end ripped out of the wall ?	how can i repair a towel rack that was ripped out of the wall ?	4
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues , is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish , between insurers , forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers .	4.400
gunners fire but fail to advance in champions league	epl clubs out to avoid champions league woes	1
but in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said vincent weafer , a security director with symantec security response in california .	but vincent weafer , security director with symantec security response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .	4.800
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	this is a disgrace when we think that the european union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life !	4.600
thanks candy for starting the thread .	candy - thanks for starting us off today .	4.8
a website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .	a variation of the pagerank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .	3
wal-mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc. , and big lots inc. were among the merchants posting may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .	wal- mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc. , and big lots inc. posted may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .	4.750
what if they messed up a study ?	what if they had a personal bias ?	1
syrian govt wont stop attacks	syrian opposition reports 'massacre '	1
according to security sources , london metropolitan police commissioner john stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning .	the telegraph can reveal that sir john stevens , the metropolitan police commissioner , placed his force on its highest alert last week .	3.800
six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	3
the path must be closed	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	1.40
a man is writing in a book .	a man is writing on a paper .	2.875
a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo .	a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms .	4.600
a man is playing a keyboard .	a man plays a keyboard .	5.000
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car .	4.400
both papers are being published today in the new england journal of medicine .	the study appears today in the new england journal of medicine .	3.000
let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of m13 .	globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems .	1.60
the act of putting something to use .	the action of putting something into operation .	4.6
the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index .ixic was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .	0.600
uk vote rejects military action	britain rejects syria military action	3.40
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose .	put into service ; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose ;	1.4
the pressure may well rise on thursday , with national coverage of the final round planned by espn , the cable sports network .	the pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by espn and words that are even more difficult .	3.200
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato .	the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies .	3
a boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .	a boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool .	2.40
it was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia , industry , government and the public .	the plan , called the nih roadmap , was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia .	3.250
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > tacked on 5.91 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .	the technology-focused nasdaq composite index < .ixic > advanced 6 points , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erasing earlier losses .	3.200
australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	french unemployment rate rises to 10 percent	1
act of verbally informing	the act of informing by verbal report .	4.750
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	that leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer .	4.750
the woman droppped eggplant into the pan .	a woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet .	4.000
the woman is walking her dog .	a woman walks her dog down the street .	4.000
the iranian government stated -- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful .	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful .	5
an agent makes use of a means ( either an action or a ( system of ) entities standing in for the action ) in order to achieve a purpose . ( this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions . )	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved ;	2.2
a dark brown horse standing in a field .	a brown horse in a green field .	3.8
the vector is then constucted of the frequency of eacher word ( dimension ) .	the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	3
a man is cutting tomatoes .	a woman is cutting broccoli .	1.500
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	if bulb a burns out , b and c are no longer in a closed path with the battery	1.80
strike or hit sharply , perhaps as in sport .	strike sharply , as in some sports .	4.750
tehran has made clear it will only sign the additional protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian western nuclear technology is lifted .	tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful western nuclear technology is lifted .	3.800
excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - housing offers hope of strength in the economy	high & low finance : signs of a housing recovery point to a stronger economy	4.2
tornadoes rip through midwest , killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	tornadoes , damaging storms hit u.s. midwest , killing 5	3.2
capital gains , top rate : percent .	income tax , top rate : percent .	2.4
boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its december meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .	it is widely expected to give bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .	2.250
express scripts esrx.o shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the nasdaq .	shares of express scripts esrx.o fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the nasdaq in late morning trade .	3.000
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .	4.2
a large black and white dog is swimming in the water .	a black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .	3.60
( cause to ) happen at a later time	cause to skip over a surface .	0
a woman is dancing and singing with other women .	a woman is dancing and singing in the rain .	3.000
it breaks the closed path .	the open switch creates a gap	2.20
a man is eating a pizza .	a man is eating a food .	3.600
the state of being in contact	the state or fact of being an owner .	0.4
egypt court orders mubarak release	egypt court turns down mubarak 's release request	2
a man sitting in a cluttered room .	a man lies in a bed in a cluttered room .	3.2
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman is slicing a tomato .	1.333
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke .	5.000
from what i 'm seeing it 's generally accepted that most english speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words .	according to a statistical estimation i know roughly 7000 words in english .	1.40
a black and brown dog runs through the woods .	a dog running through the woods .	4.00
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad board in an adventure , not bernanke	5.000
not contained inthe same path	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path .	1.00
the obama administration ?	the resolution was opposed by the obama administration .	1.60
bulb a is within its own closed path and independent of b and c	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	4.40
because of the gap in bulb b .	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal	0.80
as part of his deal , mr. delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .	dave delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .	4.400
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something .	0.2
a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .	a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .	5.00
children play fight with swords .	a child and parent pet a horse .	0.00
i 've had this same problem .	i had this problem before .	4
morsi supporters protest in egypt	morsi backers defiant in face of egypt govt threat	3
authorities in ohio , indiana and michigan have searched for the bodies .	so far , authorities also have searched areas in pennsylvania , ohio , indiana , and michigan .	2.800
iran warns against military intervention in iraq	explosion near damascus military airport	0.00
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index rose 3.42 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,007.84 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .	1.000
death toll in bangladesh collapse at 194	at least 200 killed in bangladesh building collapse	3.40
bulb c was not connected to the battery .	bulb c was no longer in a closed path with the battery	4.00
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.91666666666667
a man is straining pasta .	a man plays a wooden flute .	0.000
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	without doubt , it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and , in this case , the american proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for europe .	4.200
terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.20
an animal is walking on the ground .	a solenodon is walking along the ground .	3.000
we have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the czech mobile operators .	the problem is that trade of all mobile operators czech prohibit such a resale .	1
a black dog lays in the sand .	kids play in the water	0.00
a woman is dancing by a fire .	a woman is taking a bath .	1.400
the ability to recall things	the ability to recall past occurrences .	4
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant .	0.4
the 30-year bond us30yt=rr grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late wednesday .	at 11 a.m. ( 1500 gmt ) , the 10-year note us10yt=rr was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent wednesday .	2.000
lowe 's , with about half as many stores , reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales .	home depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales .	1.400
could this have been an enema ?	@ ossobuco , could this have been an enema ?	4.6
home office space with bright green walls and artwork .	small office space with bright green walls .	3.8
the men are playing soccer .	a man is riding a motorcycle .	0.000
idolize/show devotion to	show devotion to ( a deity ) .	4.750
yes , there are many variables that affect prices , and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic .	also , there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects .	0.20
in britain , basketball can be a tough sellwhy would brits get excited bout pro bb , they got `` football '' 2 keep them bored .	in britain , basketball is somewhat of a tough sell	3.6
there is no short circuit to the battery .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	0.40
a major branch of a tree	a small thin branch of a tree .	1.4
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i appeal urgently to the french presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap .	4.800
sars went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the toronto area , including two nurses and a doctor .	the virus killed 44 people in the toronto area , including one doctor and two nurses .	3.200
java allows object inheritance .	inheritance is one of the basic concepts of object oriented programming .	1
you can listen to the four new versions on the server ihned.cz .	listen to the four new version of the national anthem .	2
five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in egypt	egypt sentences pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling	4.2
put heels on a shoe	put a new heel on .	4
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	they may also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself .	4.500
no charges were announced , but the statement said legal proceedings were expected monday .	an fbi statement said legal proceedings were expected monday in federal court in baltimore .	2.750
mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in suffolk	1.8
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings .	4.750
one killed , 40 injured in mexico candy factory blast	three killed , 21 injured in two road mishaps	0.80
egypt 's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison	1.40
but they were necessary .	but they were necessary .	5.000
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions	inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions .	4.750
a man is diving into a swimming pool .	a man is singing into a microphone .	0.667
pakistan 's malala leaves hospital to await surgery	malala leaves british hospital	3.6
a gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera .	a grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .	5
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date .	engage for a performance ;	0
a man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle .	a person is performing tricks on a motorcycle .	3.000
either half of an archery bow	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip .	4.000
now that the election in parliament of the land of bavaria fell , a union of bayernlb with the bank from baden-wuttenberg could be taken first .	now that the election in parliament of the land of bavaria is over , a union of bayernlb with the bank from baden-wuttenberg could be seen very soon .	3
40 miles to work , on a bike : -- incredible !	commuting 40 miles to work on a bike , with thermals and fleece	4.2
no deal on fiscal cliff as obama goes on holiday	john boehner : from humble origin , fiscal cliff may be his undoing	1
a bus driving in a street .	red double decker bus driving down street .	4
asked many people ( including yours truly ) if # lancearmstrong deserves another chance . interesting views	give lance another chance ?	3.2
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a development which made highly dependent on capital borrowed .	4.400
men are running a race .	racers are running down a track .	2.600
make or become thick	make thick or thicker .	4.750
move in an irregular course	move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course .	3.750
'vampire diaries ' spinoff coming to the cw , it 's based in nola !	'vampire diaries ' spinoff pilot coming to the cw	4.4
a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause # aaronswartz # mitfail # badbranding	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause	4.6
the company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its q2 results .	the company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-july .	3.200
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction , not to which the european parliament is aiming for a long time .	4.600
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws .	5
( cause to ) move back and forth or side to side	move back and forth or sideways .	4.2
everyone else at the current prosperity level of mexico .	everyone in the world at the current `` prosperity '' level of northwest africa .	1.4
income collected as tax by a government	government income due to taxation .	4.750
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.714
china yuan weakens to 6.1535 against usd	china yuan strengthens to new high against usd	2.00
the 30-year bond us30yt=rr rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent , versus 4.35 percent at wednesday 's close .	the 30-year bond us30yt=rr grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late wednesday .	3.800
vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the usa .	nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the uk .	1
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but the interests of america for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .	5.000
this is odd ! tsk ! - catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person	4.2
a man is wind sailing in the ocean .	a dog is running through the ocean .	1.40
what type of pants are good for weight lifting ?	what is good workout attire for weight lifting ?	4
two men are talking .	two men are playing guitar .	1.500
49 killed , 148 wounded in violent attacks in iraq	15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq	2.20
queen pays tribute to nelson mandela	south africa 's rugby fraternity mourns mandela	1.00
terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	4.60
aspen technology 's shares dropped 74 cents , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the nasdaq .	in afternoon trading , aspen 's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $ 2.33 per share .	2.200
classical gas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	the theme song to cheers : we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3
free from obligations , service or confinement	free from obligations or duties .	3.6
a brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera .	the black and white cat is looking up at the camera .	1.6
i think he 'd be better for american business interests overall .	would he be better for american society ?	1.6
another gangrape in india ! wtf ! : ( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in india -	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	3.2
this could play out very interesting ... .	some gop-led states look at electoral vote changes	0
all of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle .	i will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares .	0.80
israel forces kill 2 palestinian militants	israeli army kills palestinian militant in raid	3.20
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you think the austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the european institutions and to set up a new institution , or a new group , in order to get round the unanimity rule in the council ?	5.000
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
reading : how to get america online via	op-ed contributor : how to get high-speed internet to all americans	2.4
world powers and iran to resume expert nuclear talks on dec. 30	iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week	4.00
a small desk with chair near a laundry closet .	a room with tan walls and a washer and dryer .	0.2
sudanese soldiers had done this sunday six of the kidnappers in the border area between sudan , chad and egypt , and had arrested two of them .	sudanese soldiers had killed six of the kidnappers this sunday in the border area between sudan , chad and egypt , and had arrested two of them .	4
a monkey is karate kicking a person .	a monkey pratices martial arts .	2.500
navy jet crashes into apartment building	us navy jet crashes into apartment block	4.2
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can also apply to all drugs rã©crã©ationnelles but dangerous , provided that the consumer of drugs is the only one to run risks .	4.000
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit .	there is no gap between the terminals	0.83
tamil parties blame the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) for these killings .	the government wanted to revive talks with the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) to discuss the interim structure .	1.750
a social entreaty , as courtship or pleading	a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank .	2.500
u.s. and european leaders pledged on wednesday to work together to keep iran from developing nuclear weapons , presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over iraq .	bush said u.s. and european union leaders , at an annual washington summit , agreed on the need to keep iran from developing nuclear weapons .	3.200
a motorcycle parked next to a car .	a bmw motorcycle parked between two cars .	3
you left out oil companies , braniac .	opec are n't oil companies , braniac .	2.40
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time .	5
do i need to replace my hot water tank 's pressure release valve ?	do i need to replace this water pressure valve ?	3
act of distributing	the act of apportioning or distributing something .	3.750
asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of us debt deal	asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of u.s. debt deal	4.8
least ten five hours of the morning .	nine fifty five in the morning .	1
suicide bomber kills 3 at us base in afghanistan	suicide bombers attack us base in afghanistan	2.8
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path , the switch will affect the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.20
and when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant `` no '' .	asked if he felt any regret about theoctober 12 attack , the answer was an adamant `` no '' .	3.800
putin sworn in as russian growth falters	putin sworn in as russia 's president for 6 years	2.4
what is the difference between a rollover ira and a roth ira ?	what are the differences between a `` traditional '' ira and a roth ira ?	4
do i need to apply for esta ?	flying from california to texas : do i need esta ?	3
the man did pushups on a wall .	the man tased the food .	0.250
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .	4.8
the questions are many .	there are many questions .	4.800
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter .	0
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi 's assets .	the western governments include the united states and france .	0.4
he saw a red rose .	he drove a rose colored car .	0.800
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders .	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises .	2
glare or strike with intensity	glare or strike with great intensity .	4.6
we are moving `` ... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation leo '' .	there is no 'still ' that is not relative to some other object .	0.80
malawi confirms president 's death	malawi confirms president mutharika 's death	4
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this gross mistake is conducting russia policy to his downfall .	4.750
britain 's prince philip set for 'exploratory ' surgery	uk 's prince philip hospitalized	3.00
terri schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .	terri schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the tampa bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , bob schindler .	1.800
death toll in lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after lebanon car bombings kill 45	2.80
china yuan strengthens to 6.168 against usd monday	china yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against usd thursday	4.2
after 9/11 , connolly said , agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-bayoumi .	connolly said fbi agents in san diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-bayoumi .	3.000
security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the microsoft founder .	a new worm has been spreading rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from microsoft chairman bill gates , antivirus vendors said monday .	4.800
genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics .	genetic predisposition to alzheimer is inferior genetics .	1.4
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon .	the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws .	3
some results are remarkable .	some are noteworthy results .	4.800
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level .	3.750
the voltage does not change .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.60
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of ( a body of water ) with a sounding line .	3.2
bulb c will create a gap in the path	each bulb is in its own path	1.00
yes , dew ( wetness in the environment ) factor can change the direction of a match .	another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult .	3.00
the infestation posts .	the mosquitoes posts .	1.8
india ink : image of the day : january 27	india ink : image of the day : march 20	1
you ca n't arrest someone for something they have n't done ...	then they are talking money out of something else .	0.00
circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	2.00
pentagon breaking news , this going to be a big debate .	pentagon to open combat jobs to women	1.2
martin said , `` why are you following me ? ''	zimmerman replied , `` what are you doing here ? ''	0.8
the spatial , geometric contour of an object	the speech act of objecting .	0
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color . the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked . the description may also target a specific aspect of color .	( used of color ) having a dark hue ;	1.2
because an open switch creates a gap .	the open switch creates a gap	4.80
reach an objective , attain a benchmark or goal	develop in a positive way .	2.000
then , when i became a dancer , i was trying to take care of my way to pay .	for me , it was clear that i had to be travel a day .	0
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i urge the french presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive .	4.200
dr congo rebels kill park rangers	rebels kill two park rangers in eastern congo	4
a woman is riding on a horse .	a man is shooting off guns .	0.000
it 's not imposing morals .	it 's imposing a law .	1.1
what was the `` answer '' in chicago ?	what will be the response in california ?	1.2
thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .	thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	5
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	norms are barely comparable and even less alienable .	3.250
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc . it may be constructed for an honoree .	a written work or composition that has been published ( printed on pages bound together ) ;	3
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity	handle effectively .	2.750
make or become brighter or lighter	make lighter or brighter .	5.000
because when the voltage goes from 1.5 to 0.0 you can locate the gap .	a non-zero voltage means that there is a gap	3
how do i make soft chapattis ?	how to make chapattis round and of same thickness ?	2
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything .	0.2
a dog and cat laying down together .	two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .	0.60
dreamtech never been ejaculated on as far as i know .	it has never been ejaculated on as far as i know .	3
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	3.20
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .	jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs .	4.750
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations , at the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	4.800
greek pm to announce new election	greek pm calls for may 6 general election	2.8
a boy is playing guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	3.200
fish are swimming .	a fish is swimming .	4.133
sheen wants to return to '2.5 men ' but has his past image ruined that ? # coepr205	sheen wants to return to 'two and a half men '	3.8
a small child smiling at the camera .	a small child sits on a cement wall near white flower .	1.6
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .	court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .	3.4
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and also for your welcome , madam president , ladies and gentlemen of the european institutions , the french presidency thank you .	4.600
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need .	there are basically two types of cakes : butter and sponge ( or génoise ) .	1.00
napolitano elected for second term as italy president	italian president napolitano elected for second term	5
obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations	obama encourages boy scouts to end ban on gays	1.8
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny .	4.800
if you want to buy $ billion in xyz inc. common stock , who cares ?	if you want to buy a house or a suv , again , who cares ?	1.4
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is slicing a tomato .	0.400
`` we continue to work with the saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . ''	`` but they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , '' mr jordan said .	3.250
the army said the raid , which comes just days after israeli troops shot and killed abdullah kawasme , the hamas leader in the city , targeted militants in hamas .	the arrests came just days after israeli troops shot and killed abdullah kawasme , the militant group 's leader in hebron .	3.000
a man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky .	the man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse .	0
originally posted by spikdboy not wishful thinking , rather realistic .	originally posted by objectivism not wishful thinking , rather realistic .	3.8
a woman opens a window .	a man is crawling .	0.000
a girl is eating a cupcake .	a man is slicing a cucumber .	0.000
a woman puts make-up on .	a woman is putting on eyeshadow .	3.333
person who is a social companion	a friend who is frequently in the company of another .	3.6
make a copy with the intent to deceive .	take up with the tongue .	0
iran says it captures drone ; u.s. denies losing one	iran says it has seized u.s. drone ; u.s. says it 's not true	4.8
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality , generally a common attribute .	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole ; public ;	3.2
tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down	1.80
a brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .	a white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .	2.40
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
counties with population declines will be vermillion , posey and madison .	vermillion , posey and madison county populations will decline .	5.000
plastic toys are floating in water .	the ladies are performing a dance .	0.000
settlement of people distant from their homeland	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland ; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state 's system of government .	2.750
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.80
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.40
life under islamist militants - broken limbs , torn lives in northern mali	broken limbs , torn lives in mali	4
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but this image can survive a further decline ?	2.200
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , also , seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode .	4.000
sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting .	sever or remove by pinching or snipping .	4.4
a man is running on a field .	a man climbs up a rope .	1.000
a man is running on a street .	a man plays the guitar .	0.800
i do n't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .	i do n't see why this could be a problem .	5
the electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital , but also in the surrounding area of the city .	the electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital , but also in the surrounding areas of the city .	5
two palestinians die in attacks on israelis ahead of kerry visit	palestinian official slams israel 's stone-throwing bill	0
the two dogs are running through the grass .	three dogs run in the snow .	2.20
an indication of something , evidence	the disclosure of something secret .	1.4
bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .	bolivia 's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on wednesday , leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the president spread .	2.800
a rabbi is talking .	a man is walking on a rope .	0.000
( medicine ) apply a plaster cast to .	apply a plaster cast to .	5.000
china news agency : still hope for syria peace	china state news agency : there 's still hope for syria peace	4.2
bulb a has a closed pathway	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.00
this is highly used in dynamic programming .	the key to dynamic programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .	2
two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .	two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car .	2.80
taliban on agenda for us in pakistan	at least 33 dead as big quake hits pakistan	0
the dog returns the play toy to its master .	three dogs race in the snow together .	1.00
soggy solstice : stonehenge gets soaking	summer solstice celebrated at stonehenge despite rain	3.2
there are a few things you can do :	there are a couple things you can try .	5
ukraine : nine people die in kyiv clashes	ukraine pressured over kiev clashes	2.00
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was up 9.69 points , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .	the tech-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > gained 18.35 points , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .	1.000
gingrich takes georgia , leaning on a southern-based strategy	super tuesday : newt gingrich says he 's a survivor	1.8270
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	4.20
three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .	three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car .	2.2
what the papers say , mar . 12 , 2013	what the papers say , june 25 , 2013	1.8
but mitsubishi tokyo financial ( jp:8306 : news , chart , profile ) declined 3,000 yen , or 0.65 percent , to 456,000 yen .	sumitomo mitsui financial ( jp:8316 : news , chart , profile ) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen .	1.600
how do i convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?	how can i add a new light fixture off of a ceiling fan wired to two switches ?	4
a group of couples are dancing .	men and women are dancing slowly .	3.333
yes , you should mention your experience .	yes , you should mention it .	3
revenue rose 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion .	the mclean , virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion .	1.200
a car is driven down the road .	a girl is walking down a road .	1.200
egypt braces for more protests , prays for calm	egypt braces for more protests over morsi , prays for calm	3.8
a dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .	a child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling .	1.20
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman is dancing in railway station .	2.000
cuba 's 'ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years late	cuba 's 'ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years later	5.00
the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , following a two-day win of 55.93 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic eased 8.52 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .	1.500
music industry pays tribute to whitney houston	music industry mourns whitney houston	3.4
gore vidal dead at 86 : legendary author , playwright , and politician dies	gore vidal , celebrated author , playwright , dies at 86	4
a brown dog is running through green grass .	a brown dog is running though a river .	2.40
act or do something in reaction to something	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up .	0.4
there is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not .	there is no code telling you that you can not do this .	0
draw in and expel air through lungs .	draw air into , and expel out of , the lungs .	5
a man and a woman are riding on their bicycles .	a man and woman are riding a motorcycle .	2.000
remarks with prime minister elkeib after their meeting	remarks with foreign minister koichiro gemba	1.5
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .	the jobs , in particular , help the young to invent new forms of employment .	4.500
a woman is writing .	a woman is swimming .	0.500
chinese shares close lower on wednesday	china stocks close lower on friday	2.5
setting the bar , good move ! `` wal-mart plans to hire any veteran who wants a job ''	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans	4
anyone who judges or finds fault with something .	someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments .	4.000
ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	4.5
bush plans to meet with israeli prime minister ariel sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , mahmoud abbas , in the jordanian port of aqaba on wednesday .	on wednesday next week , mr bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon and new palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in aqaba , jordan .	5.000
the cat is attacking a corn husk broom .	grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .	0.8
and a large part of the east coast .	and parts of the west coast .	0.8
greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	5.00
the social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force .	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force .	5.000
a pitched tent with a horse in the background .	a black and white lamb with other lambs in the background .	0
the district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .	parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday .	3.000
( cause to ) stop speaking or bring about silence	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed ; make shut .	0.500
a close-up view of a horse 's head .	a side view of a horse 's head .	3.2
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .	a brown and white dog runs across the grass .	4.80
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it is on trial on 8 january . he is accused of having participated in a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , which incidentally it excludes .	4.200
could n't agree more with the facts here :	opinionator : india is losing the race	0
our economic pickle : america 's productivity climbs , but wages stagnate	news analysis : america ? s productivity climbs , but wages stagnate	4.6
clear mucus from one 's throat	clear mucus or food from one 's throat .	4.250
how long does cooked tvp keep in the fridge ?	how long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer ?	1
the man lifted barbells .	a man lifts weights .	4.000
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .	4.500
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament however also fought so that this reduction of the funds allocated with the innovative measures is compensated by the use of the framework of flexibilisation , defined in a declaration on the financial perspective .	3.400
q : what is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme ( or not ) situations ?	one human-being reliance on other ( s ) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans .	2.60
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the parliament of the eu .	4.200
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we might then have to avoid a disaster .	3.714
make pure or free from sin	make pure or free from sin or guilt .	4
death toll rises to 236 after brazzaville blasts	rep. of congo : 236 dead after arms depot blasts	3.6
this is a very unusual request .	this sounds a bit unusual .	3
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , mister commissioner .	4.600
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take .	4.750
a dog is looking into swimming pool .	a dog is walking along the edge of a pool .	2.600
indonesia : schoolchildren among 14 killed by indonesia volcano eruption	indonesia : six dead in indonesian volcanic eruption	2.8
spin , wind , braid , or twist together , perhaps as when performing lacework .	do lacework .	2.500
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .	a person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees .	3.2
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	the situation is worsening , when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs .	4.400
navy jet crashes into virginia buildings , injuring six	navy jet crashes into virginia apartments,9 hurt	3.2
play a stringed instrument with a bow	play on a string instrument with a bow .	4.500
a woman feeds an animal by hand .	the women are feeding the animal .	3.000
a boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .	a little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .	2.20
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .	nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution .	2.4
avengers sets box office record	the hunger games breaks us box office record	1.2
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash .	4.500
bar ware - what kind of glass is this ?	what kind of glass is this ?	3
no other drug has become as integral in decades .	the drug has been around in other forms for years .	2
maybe this could work for you .	maybe this can work for you .	5
he was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to las vegas , where he had been filming a video .	after posting $ 3 million bail , jackson flew to las vegas , where he had been working on a video .	3.750
wow , what a story : in the subways , a voice to stir the soul	in the subways , geechee dan ? s voice stirs the soul	4
the black and white dog has a stick in his paws .	a black dog and a white dog are standing on snow .	1.20
this sentence was spoken by the actress sally field , who has worked with him in 'absence of malice `` , and illustrates the despair of american cinema , and america in general , faced with the striking idea that newman is no longer in the world .	this sentence is the actress sally field , who has worked with him in 'absence of malice `` , and illustrates the despair of american cinema , and america , faced with the idea striking that newman is no longer in the world .	5
there are 103 democrats in the assembly and 47 republicans .	democrats dominate the assembly while republicans control the senate .	2.000
who 'd have thought an american hero could be a canadian ? nyt : man who sheltered americans in tehran , dies at 88	john sheardown , canadian who sheltered americans in tehran , dies at 88	3.6
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	you have to do what is right for you .	2
on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon ŕä	on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon	5.00
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something .	0
apple app directs drivers to alaska airport runway	apple app sends drivers to airport	3.6
on saturday , the international committee of the red cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and basra .	the international committee of the red cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operating in iraq , announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in baghdad and basra .	3.400
cia director george tenet said the two men were `` defined by dedication and courage . ''	`` [ they ] were defined by dedication and courage , '' said the cia 's director george tenet .	4.250
barack obama 's bodyguards sent back to us after prostitution scandal	barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal	0.4
yemen : fighting in north kills over 120	janet yellen : five things you might not know	0.00
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of winding or twisting .	0
a small kitten is playing a ball .	a kitten is playing with a ball .	4.400
obama and romney focus on swing-states	team anna yet to decide on contesting state polls	0.4
because bulbs b and c were still in a closed path with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.80
a lamb stands near two tiny animals .	a sheep standing near her children .	1.4
for the same reason as 3	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	0.00
a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .	a women wearing a bikini top and jeans .	4
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it .	5.000
in actual practise , the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits .	in their view , there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person .	1.60
confine in or as if in a prison	enclose in or as if in a frame .	1.6
two german tourists , two pilots killed in kenya air crash	senator reid involved in las vegas car crash : cnn	0.6
a man is adding pork chops to a pan .	a woman is peeling a potato .	1.000
iranian president praises nuclear deal	iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant	1
obama meets with mandela family	obama meets zuma and pays tribute to mandela	3
google launches internet-beaming balloons	google 'are playing international tax game '	1
two dogs running through tall grass .	two dogs are running through a grassy area .	4.60
show her how much fun splashing is - that 's what we did , and made a game of it .	you can put her toys near her or give he toys to her .	0.80
cook on a hot surface using fat ; cook in oil .	cook on a hot surface using fat .	4.000
by the way , the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats did n't off one single plan .	i 'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath .	0.70
france warns of extremists benefiting from egypt violence	france fears extremists will benefit from egypt violence	4.40
israelis , palestinians resume talks in us	israelis , palestinians begin talks	3.8
as you can see from this map on the wals.info site , there are many .	this is an example i always find is helpful for first year .	0.60
internet addiction of the day : 'what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie '	here is what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie	3.4
stocks edge lower following retail earnings	stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers	5
israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans	britain summons israeli envoy over settlements	2.5
wigan 3-2 wolves : match report , pictures & video highlights	arsenal 0-0 chelsea : match report , pictures & video highlights	1.2
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	it is urgent and it is for that reason that we have decided to put this item on the agenda .	4.800
iron dome intercepts 17 rockets	iron dome intercepts two rockets fired at beersheba	2.6
17 govt employees killed in pakistan bus bombing	at least 78 killed in pakistan church bombing	0.80
a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera .	0.750
helmand province is the world 's largest opium-producing region .	helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .	5
none of it would exist if it was n't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft .	one would think they would run with the story , but they have n't .	0.00
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which , in turn , will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level .	4.000
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you think that the “ austrian ” model - namely decision making majority bilateral - will in the future constitute an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being unaware of the european institutions and to found a new institution , or a new group , to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the council ?	4.200
egypt strongly opposes military action against syria	reactions to the prospect of military action against syria	1.60
ai n't that wonderful of the man ?	is n't that what you want ?	0
michelle obama to star in parks and recreation	michelle obama to appear on 'parks and recreation '	4.60
a man with a bottle is petting a brown horse .	man petting horse over fence .	3.5349
`` it appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , '' burke said .	said mr. burke : `` it was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . ''	4.000
he was referring to john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last sunday .	next week , john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .	4.000
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .	a businessman chinese influential , which shares his time between hong kong and london , was even more specific .	5.000
`` if the switch is included in the bulb '' '' s closed path , then the switch being open will affect the bulb ''	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	3.20
a swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool	4.80
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	man and woman found dead in essex hotel swimming pool	4
indian troops kill pakistani soldier along kashmir line of control	indian troops raid pakistani military post	1.2
therefore ordered interceptions against dal torrione , the entry write , is émergée 'willingness to marry the requirements of a businessman , representing a group known , close to the piromalli , unifying the choice of the public administration to the interests of the clan .	starting with the interceptions ordered against dal torrione , the pm writes , `` the possibility of marrying the demans of a businessman , representative a well known group close to the piromalli , unifying the choice of the public administration with the interests of the clan .	4
leave undone or leave out	terminate , end , or take out .	1.8
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	5.000
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions .	4.91666666666667
a short theatrical program that is part of a longer program .	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program .	5.000
g7 'to intensify russia sanctions '	ukraine fears russian invasion	0.60
the value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .	a term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .	4
the skinny cows are standing on the grass .	the white ducks are standing on the ground .	0.6
the political head of city government	the head of a city government .	4.750
ukraine signs eu trade pact as russia finalizes crimea annexation	ukraine 's top court dismisses crimea 's independence as `` unconstitutional ''	2.00
trailblazing israeli electric car company better place to fold	trailblazing israeli electric car company to fold	4.4
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was not a majority voting in parliament to go back to article 272 .	5.000
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping .	0.4
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .	a person skiing down a snowy hill .	4.20
the act of lifting something	the act of starting something .	0.8
pakistani pm shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	pakistan avalanche : rescuers search for buried soldiers	2.4
bomb blast rocks shopping mall in nigeria , 12 killed	bomb blasts before indian opposition rally kill 4	1.40
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens ' safety .	mexico wishes to avoid more violence .	4
usa expels venezuela diplomats in row	u.s. expels venezuelan diplomats	4.4
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	the general condition of body and mind .	1.6
ricky clemons ' brief , troubled missouri basketball career is over .	missouri kicked ricky clemons off its team , ending his troubled career there .	4.000
australia cuts rates to record low	australia cuts interest rates to record low	4.60
two little girls talk on the telephone .	two girls talk on the phone .	4.500
make a loud noise , as an animal	make a loud noise , as of animal .	5.000
cats ( and all animals in general ) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness .	they do n't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house .	1.80
`` : britney spears calls off engagement `` loool cnn reports this ? where is this world going ?	britney spears , jason trawick call off engagement	4.25
nine killed in gun attack in pakistan	five million citizens get unofficial salary in ukraine	0
terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to each other .	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	4.66666666666667
whilst employment may be the european union ' s priority policy , fisheries , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	if employment is the political priority of the union , the fishing industry , as the economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	4.200
flu season is here , let 's clear something up : `` do i need a flu shot if i ? ve had the flu ? ''	ask well : do i need a flu shot if i 've had the flu ?	4.6
a dog with a red toy in it 's mouth .	a brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .	2.20
uk leader signals support for airstrikes on is in syria	why cyprus backs cameron 's push for uk air strikes in syria	1
the agency will `` consider as timely any tax returns or payments due '' aug. 15 if they are submitted by aug. 22 .	the agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from friday through aug. 22 if they are completed by aug. 22 .	4.250
if it is in the same path as the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	2.80
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima .	puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua , nicaragua .	0
a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .	a ginger cat sitting on an office chair .	3
6.3-magnitude quake hits honshu , japan : cenc	magnitude-6.0 quake jolts santa cruz islands : cenc	1.8
pc david rathband : twin brother 's fears for his 'bestest mate '	david miliband : my brother and a return to old labour	0.2
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication .	5
another was in serious condition at northwest medical center in springdale .	at northwest medical center of washington county in springdale , one child is in serious condition .	3.800
he proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .	frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .	3.000
a table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .	a school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background .	0
the installation in all the institutions of the presidency of the council is now complete with the palais chigi .	the celebration of the second crucial time for the improvement of record of the equipe .	0
starting page of a website	the opening page of a web site .	5
iraq releases suspected hezbollah operative wanted by u.s .	iraq said to release hezbollah operative	3.2
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0
a boy is playing an instrument .	a man is playing a trumpet .	2.500
two robots kiss .	two robots are kissing .	5.000
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
the act of dividing or disconnecting .	the act of drawing or hauling something .	0.2
the best-performing stock was altria group inc. , which rose more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share .	altria group inc. mo.n fell 50 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 .	1.750
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	a boy does a trick on a skateboard .	4.80
unrest in tense nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	southwest china quakes kill at least 50	0.2
physically raise from a lower position .	raise from a lower to a higher position .	4.2
a man stands in front of a train .	a man is standing in front of a raised statue , .	2
( cause to ) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest .	3.8
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body .	( used of hair or skin ) pale or light-colored ; ;	0.4
the nasdaq fell about 1.3 % for the month , snapping a seven-month winning streak .	the nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month , on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains .	2.400
the man cut a paper plate .	a man is cutting a paper plate .	4.800
red double decker bus taking on passengers .	red double decker bus with hood up .	2.2
u.n. rights chief presses egypt on mursi detention	un rights chief presses egypt on morsi detention	5
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody .	0.4
make a causal or logical connection ; group together	make a logical or causal connection .	4.250
guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll	equatoguineans vote in legislative polls	3.4
( applause )	i have already said on this point and i fully endorse what he said on the need to improve the public debate considerably i will not repeat what i said , but it is true that , all too often the citizens feel alienated by decisions taken in authorities that they do not know .	0.000
the girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and rollerblades .	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back	0.00
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the task , which is capital , has not yet been a lively interest on the part of the public .	4.000
singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher	3.00
a soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field .	a soccer player kicks the ball into the goal .	3.250
british woman sentenced to death in bali drug case	british grandmother sentenced to death for smuggling cocaine into bali	3.8
the justice department filed suit thursday against the state of mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call `` disturbing '' abuse of juveniles and `` unconscionable '' conditions at two state-run facilities .	the justice department filed a civil rights lawsuit thursday against the state of mississippi , alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities .	3.750
assad says mercenaries are behind syria unrest	assad accuses us of fueling syrian uprising	3.33333333333333
weak earnings drag stocks lower	weak earnings drag stocks lower on wall street	3.8
a woman is playing the flute .	a woman is slicing some tuna .	0.400
proverbs john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .	john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .	4.6
butter is being put into a bowl .	a man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .	4.250
severance from a social connection or tie	free from obligations or duties .	2.2
this is precsisely , is it not ? ,	this is not rocket science .	0.83
a dog jogs through the grass .	a dog trots through the grass .	5.00
no , there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award .	as per the rules , mom award is decide by the commentry pannel .	3.00
the act of beginning something new .	the act of breaking something .	0.6
how can i keep my dog from barking when i do n't know what he 's barking at ?	how do i stop my dog from barking at people through the fence ?	2
colourful support at world cup in brazil	merkel to attend world cup final	1.20
i was in a similar situation .	i am in a similar situation .	4
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	0.80
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.20
uk confirms fears over syria 's chemical weapons	end 'near ' for syria 's chemical weapons	1.4
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g . employment in decent social conditions .	4.250
an event that causes someone or something to die .	an event that causes someone to die .	3.8
a helicopter is landing on a helipad .	a helicopter lands .	3.923
glean or gather natural products	gather , as of natural products .	4.6
according to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around february 2nd .	the aavso data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked , at around 10.5 ( visual ) .	3.60
say , state , or perform again	to say , state , or perform again .	5.000
the differences between grassley and thomas on energy and medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party .	their differences on energy and medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party .	3.500
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i nevertheless expresses the conviction that our parliament would have done better its voice heard in devoting , in view of the nice european council , a specific and separate resolution to the issues so important and so difficult for the intergovernmental conference , rather than dealt with in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda for the council .	4.400
you should read this : the lifting of a veil , discreetly	the tv watch : jodie foster lifts a veil at golden globes	4
the american decision provoked an angry reaction from the european commission , which described the move as `` legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful '' .	the european commission , the eu 's powerful executive body , described the move as `` legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful . ''	3.750
what the papers say , may 20 , 2013	what the papers say , nov. 19 , 2013	2.33
boat sails in rough water .	a man is kayaking in rough waters .	2.60
two girls walking in the ocean .	two girls walking in the street	1.80
how is this slanted against bush ? ?	where is the slant against bush ?	4.4
three killed in nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in nigeria cattle market attack	1.4
black and white dog running through water .	a black and white dog is running through grass .	2.60
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is a controversial issue , the commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	4.800
put on cream , as on one 's face or body .	carry , as on one 's back .	0
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	yet , the americans have accused a lowering of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may .	3.750
exceed or surpass , go beyond , be greater than something	pass by , over , or under without making contact .	1.2
egypt shuts down muslim brotherhood newspaper	egypt : muslim brotherhood deputy head arrested	1.4
bulb , battery , and switch are in closed path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.20
china stocks close higher after economic meeting	china stocks close higher on wednesday	3.4
syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	syria opposition pressed to attend talks	3.00
nytimes : tunisian style baked cauliflower frittata	recipes for health : tunisian style baked cauliflower frittata ? recipes for health	4.4
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya .	the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering .	3
a woman is frying ground meat .	a man is cutting a trunk with an axe .	0.500
the act of combining , blending , integrating	the act of chipping something .	0.8
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	5.00
eu extends sanctions against russia	nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against russian sailors	0.40
israel kills hamas commander , bombs gaza targets	israel airstrikes kill hamas commander , 5 others	3.4
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible . the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact . an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well .	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something ;	2.4
bulb a and switch z are in a closed path	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch z .	3.40
a woman is swimming underwater .	a man is slicing some carrots .	0.000
a woman with a viking hat on .	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat .	4.2
how about trashy ?	garbage is suitable , i think .	1.8270
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	they give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned ?	3.750
it would n't stop joke marriages .	and i do n't fight for marriage .	1.2
the department 's position threatens to alienate social conservatives , who have provided strong political support for mr. ashcroft and president bush .	the department 's stance disappointed some abortion opponents , and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for ashcroft and president bush .	3.750
a dog sniffing the bottom of a door .	a black and white dog sniffing at a closed door .	3.8
the san francisco plane crash at a glance	two dead , 181 hurt in san francisco air crash	1.2
whip with or as if with a whisk	urge with or as if with a goad .	0
a man is eating bread .	a man is playing flute .	0.800
employ or become employed in a position	appoint someone to ( a position or a job ) .	3.500
lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse	tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis	0.6
median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after accounting for inflation .	the same survey found the median household income rose by $ 51 , when accounting for inflation , to $ 43,057 .	1.400
the officials did not say whether u.s. forces crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian border guards became involved .	u.s. officials did not say whether american forces , who were acting on intelligence , crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian guards were involved .	4.000
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	the greek ships have sunk , without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods , mr gayssot .	5.000
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	but the us prices did not show that a decline in 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may .	3.200
the act of surrendering an asset	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..	3
the man is buttering the bread .	the man is stirring the rice .	0.400
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we will speak with one voice grace within the wto .	3.750
knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .	espn reported that knight 's two-year deal is worth $ 2.38 million , including a $ 300,000 signing bonus .	4.750
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	faced with these realities , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential .	4.600
spurs get revenge on lakers , lead west	abduct israelis to free prisoners , gaza leaders say	0
abrupt state of disbelief about something	the act of choosing or selecting .	0
a lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .	a dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .	0.00
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	pass by means through a lock in a waterway .	4.4
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery .	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.80
`` because it didn '' '' t cause a gap . ''	each bulb is in its own path	0.40
abuse of a father- '' which led to suicide ``	abuse of a step-father- '' which led to suicide ``	3
a woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll .	a kitten is playing with a woman 's finger .	0.000
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .	4.500
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	thus , it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee , so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied , during their examination by the college on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , a fiche d'impact detail .	4.200
the white dog runs across the snow .	a white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .	1.40
a woman is exercising .	a man is dancing .	0.250
at feira , the council considered those countries participating in the stabilisation and association process as potential applicants for membership of the european union .	in feira , he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process .	4.500
thomas cook accused of putting costs before customers	university of florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans	0
france welcomes us-russia deal on syria	arab league welcomes us-russian deal on syria	2.4
obama is extreme and leftwing .	obama is part of the extreme leftwing .	4.8
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric ... and	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin 's stupidity ?	3.90
a small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera .	the small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .	0.8
common side effects include nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough , the fda said .	the most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough .	3.400
tea party unhappy . fox news fires sarah # palin	fox news and sarah palin part ways	3.6
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders are today a new chance and thus let .	4.000
a child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .	a girl wearing green twists something in her hands .	0.60
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder whether the commissioner already provides steps which will make it possible to show that we regard kostunica as the legally elected representative of the serbian people and as a partner with whom the european union will now have to deal with .	4.400
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.00
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.4
a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something .	0.2
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
a woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .	a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	1.00
you have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other .	the terminals are not connected	4.20
two cats are looking at a window .	a white cat looking out of a window .	2.6
what is the difference between a stock and a bond ?	what is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?	0
afghanistan : suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	roadside bomb 'kills eight afghan soldiers '	3.80
we must be constantly vigilant `` , continued dre décary before stressing that on top of security of supply , héma-quebec must also provide an adequate supply .	we must be constantly vigilant `` , continuing the dre décary before stress that security of supply , héma-quebec must also provide an adequate supply .	5
how do i keep an egg from cracking while being boiled ?	how do i prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it ?	5
the man hit the other man with a stick .	the man spanked the other man with a stick .	4.200
the questions are many .	many questions are .	4.250
nike unveils rory mcilroy as tiger 's heir apparent . $ 200 mil deal ? ! ? makes no business sense to me .	nike unveils rory : tiger 's heir apparent	3.2
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone .	3.7
a child is walking from one picnic table to another .	the boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .	3.20
an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something .	0.8
dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city `` sleepless summer '' tour that he considered campaigning in texas a challenge .	today , dean ends his four-day , 10-city `` sleepless summer '' tour in chicago and new york .	2.600
we both thought the movie was good and we did n't find it confusing in any way .	i thought it was good , and i did n't find it confusing .	3.2
a woman peels a potato .	a woman is peeling a potato .	5.000
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i would ask you , on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both brittany and marã­n , city of galicia , which most of the victims .	4.250
obama praises mandela 'inspiration '	obama hails mandela 's inspiration effect	4.8
a boy is singing and playing the piano .	a boy is playing the piano .	3.000
secrete or form water	secrete or form water , as tears or saliva .	3.500
they are contained in the same closed path	b and c are in the same path	3
yucaipa owned dominick 's before selling the chain to safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .	yucaipa bought dominick 's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to safeway for $ 1.8 billion in 1998 .	2.600
i will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for a !	you could defer admission , but it 's a little unusual to defer for a year .	0.20
chechen officials working for the moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next sunday 's presidential election in war-torn chechnya .	officials in chechnya 's moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .	4.750
u.s. steps up involvement in mallpp # pppj # # p # pl # # # p # # # p	u.s. steps up involvement in mali	4.2
build a fence around your good health ! your top flu questions answered .	your top 10 flu questions answered	3.6
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun .	0.6
the world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .	the world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them .	3.500
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation , just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards .	4.200
indian maoist rebels offer talks to free italian hostages	india : maoist rebels in talks on freeing italians	3.8
death toll in india building collapse hits 42	toll from india building collapse hits 25	3.20
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .	3
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	that does not , however , the rich countries of their obligation to help .	4.250
two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .	two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign .	4.4
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something .	0.2
best wishes , yes he had an affair .	reality is , i was there before and returned again .	0.00
several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .	4
it depends entirely on your company and your contract .	it depends on your company .	3
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it crosses the 8 january of this year . it is to have a union of tunisian opponents in france , which moreover it .	3.600
a man playing a video game in a store .	man playing game in a store .	3.4
the man is riding a horse .	a woman is using a hoe .	0.000
a brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	a group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .	0.00
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 .	4.750
a woman is dancing .	a woman plays the clarinet .	0.800
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	a and c are not in the same path with the battery	1.67
a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch .	a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	5.00
us lawmakers take next step on new iran sanctions	somalia lawmakers to vote for new president	0.2
inheritance is one of the basic concepts of object oriented programming .	in object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .	1
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally i accomodate the idea favorably to give us an annual appointment in order to take stock of the setting in uvre program .	4.000
israeli police clash with palestinian protesters at sensitive jerusalem holy site	israel police clash with palestinians in jerusalem	3
suicide bomber kills 14 in afghanistan	suicide blast kills 1 in afghan capital	3.00
the men are playing cricket .	the men are playing basketball .	2.200
muslims prepare for start of ramadan	muslims pray for end to divisions	0.80
suvs parked on residential streets in monrovia were tagged with `` elf '' and other slogans , and another was set ablaze in front of a house , sgt . tom wright said .	several suvs parked on residential streets in monrovia were tagged with `` elf '' and other slogans , said sgt . tom wright .	3.500
the girl danced in front of the bonfire .	a woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire .	2.750
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.20
a woman is feeding an aardvark .	a woman is chopping up garlic .	0.400
the surfer does a flip off of a wave .	a surfer does a flip on a wave .	4.80
un invites iran to syrian peace conference	un : iran invited to attend syrian peace conference	5.00
that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even though we have used the flexibility instrument .	this is what we have done : we have a budget crisis in coming to article 272 ; the financial perspectives have been maintained , even if we have used the flexibility instrument .	4.600
u.s. warplanes enter somalia airspace mr. potus ; write another letter & tell french we 're not in the mood for their mess .	u.s. warplanes enter somali airspace	3
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	this is a development of the kind that i wish the other states of the european union .	4.600
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson for us within this house in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the laws at sea are , in the world , in a state of chaos , and that we must get down to work to bring order .	4.200
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying .	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry .	5
france cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax '	manila to increase counter-terror team	0.00
this whole process must reflect what the bee does to avoid other bees .	this whole process must reflect what the bee done to avoid the other bees .	5
a woman is dicing a potato .	a woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces .	1.800
some children are jumping on trampoline .	two boy are playing on a trampoline .	3.000
the act of damaging something , causing breakage	the act of breaking something .	4.250
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	a woman is placing skewers onto a rack .	0.600
norway marks anniversary of massacre	norway marks anniversary of breivik 's massacre	3.8
so think it in this way .	think of it this way .	5
i. atlantic requirements .	pacific requirements .	0.8
a man and a woman on a bench .	a man and woman sit on a park bench .	3.60
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .	a double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel .	4.4
cnn soccer 's 'bounty hunter ' takes on fifa : a leading football agent fined by fifa for using social media has ta ...	'bounty hunter ' battles fifa on facebook	3.6
heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .	heatley led atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists .	3.000
disregard , fail to attend to	fail to attend to .	4.250
protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader khamenei 's death .	the protesters denounced the country 's supreme leader , hard-liner ayatollah ali khamenei .	3.000
two women posing with a baby .	two smiling women holding a baby .	4
it is said that suicide by hanging is the easiest , quickest and least expensive not to one , this is not a few to speak it in comparison	it is said that suicide by hanging is the easiest , quickest method and least expensive and not requiring anyone else , this is not to speak of less pain . in comparison	1.8270
familiarize yourselves : # northkorea	for the u.n. and north korea : game on	1.2
a statement released by dei said green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the winston open at lowe 's motor speedway .	it was announced that green will replace park in the dale earnhardt inc. no . 1 chevrolet , beginning with the winston open at lowe 's motor speedway next week .	3.250
metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday 's incident .	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries , while three others were treated at the scene .	3.333
this can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .	one of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .	0
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise. ``	4.750
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract .	0
bodies found at russian jet crash in indonesia	12 bodies found at russian jet crash in indonesia	3.8
good grief indeed , charlie brown gets arrested	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4.4
a red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down .	a wwii fighter plane with its landing gear down .	3.2
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are poor , sick and uncultivated .	4.800
a jockey riding a horse in a pen .	a jockey rides a horse at a gallop .	3.6
be a reason , cause , or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of .	4.4
read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to a metrical pattern .	4.4
thank you very much , commissioner .	thank you very much , mr commissioner .	4.800
the point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding .	i 've found with my baby that it 's more accurate to go by his behavior than by `` rules '' .	1.20
create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together .	4.4
( cause to ) become even or level	make even or more even .	4.4
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.80
find where there are different electrical states	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	2.60
a dog is running along the grass .	a brown dog is running in the grass .	4.20
the woman is thinly slicing a cucumber .	the woman is slicing a tomato .	1.200
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities . the entity need not be well-known or famous , though if it is , it may be stated by its name only . their worth may be restricted to a time or place .	of major significance or importance ;	1.6
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo .	does n't have the vision to `` sustain '' apollo ?	3.60
fern i think stories like this are stupid .	- wolf i think stories like this are stupid .	3.6
fasten by passing a rope through or around something	fasten by passing through a hole or around something .	3.4
a young girl riding a white and grey horse .	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse .	4.6
you wan na know what i find curious ?	that 's what i find curious .	2.8
the main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva .	allergies to animals , particularly furry ones , can be across the board rather than species specific .	2.20
a man is preparing a snake for cooking .	the man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water .	1.000
the psychology of one-upmanship : why are we spending more money ?	the psychology of one-upmanship : why are spending more money ?	4
shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower .	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly .	3.6
nytimes : analysis of armstrong ? s interview with winfrey it 's shame ( but we know it ) # congrutalionlance	the lede blog : live updates on armstrong 's oprah interview	3.6
turkmenistan borders afghanistan .	sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan .	1.8
iran says un nuclear talks will continue	iran says nuclear talks with un 'constructive '	2.8
the people versus putin	putin against people	4.500
end	put an end to .	3.000
a number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .	a reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .	4.818
burial of boston bombing suspect appears legal	'ready to go home : ' last boston bombing victim leaves the hospital	1.00
is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying d/l method ?	yes , it 's possible for a match to get tie after applying the d/l method .	4.00
u ds boi ehn '' : piers slams guest over ar-15s ``	piers , guest clash over ar-15s	4.2
value a thing or course of action more highly than another	like better ; value more highly .	4.750
two kids splashing in the water .	two dogs play together on the bed .	0.00
absorb fluid , heat or gas by an object	take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution .	1.8270
a group of river barges with trees in the background .	a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .	0.4
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something .	1.2
they were so young : ( # santamaria # tragedyinthenightclub	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	2.2
the man added vegetables to the broth in the pot .	a man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water .	3.400
colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history	3.60
although satellite intensity estimates from tafb and sab are only t./	subjective dvorak intensity estimates from tafb and sab increased to kt .	2
what is the difference between a stock and a bond ?	what is the difference between a mode and a scale ?	0
a mental state of sadness .	a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity .	3.250
u.s. military says it conducts airstrikes against is in syria , iraq	observatory says russian air strikes kill 45 in syria	1
it creates a gap in the circut .	the open switch creates a gap	3.00
i do n't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy .	the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them .	2.00
stain with a dirty substance	stain with a dirty substance , such as soot .	4.2
cristiano ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to 2014 world cup finals	ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to world cup	4.80
a man is playing guitar .	a cat is playing .	0.400
overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline .	0
incline or bend ; changle configuration .	to incline or bend from a vertical position .	2.4
a living room with a dining table in the background .	a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .	3.6
us teen held in chicago 'jihad ' car bomb plot	chicago teen arrested in chicago car bomb plot	3.4
this northern autumn us trainers will work with soldiers from four north african countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .	later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four north african nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .	3.800
a woman is squeezing a lemon .	a woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon .	4.400
interesting article . asap yams , partner to hip-hop 's asap rocky	asap yams , partner to hip-hop ? s asap rocky	4
someone is stirring chili in a kettle .	someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon .	3.800
a large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something .	a bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it 's beak and puts the cup into a bowl .	3.500
a person uses a blowtorch on two cameras .	a person is burning cameras .	2.333
egyptians vote on islamist-backed constitution	'judge at polls directs voters on egypt constitution vote '	1.4
a light brown dog runs down a path happily .	a pale dog runs down a path .	3.40
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the final objective of a european constitution would be exactly the opposite course and we can not approve it .	4.800
a grey house with a red door .	house with a red door .	3.4
provide medical care for .	provide veterinary care for .	3.500
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing guitar .	2.167
us makes case for action against syria	saudi urges u.n. action against israel strikes on syria	2.40
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other areas , the sharia is imposed .	4.250
officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , and reyna dropped a knee into his back , according to testimony .	that 's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , according to testimony .	3.250
updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon	two explosions at boston marathon finish line	5.00
iran expands nuclear enrichment activities : iaea report	iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - iaea	3
make an image or sound clearer ; put into focus	make a mess of or create disorder in .	0
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place with 17h30 .	4.750
the short answer is that yes , you can do this .	speaking from my own experience , i would rather carry different nd filters that combine two polarisers .	0.00
senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve	senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair	5
iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .	got ta love the ek factoid that `` iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .	4.2
spain approves new restrictive abortion law	spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion	5
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something .	4
air force instructor faces sentencing for rape	women testify at air force instructor 's sentencing	1.8
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	a and c are in the same closed path	3.60
iran 's parliament questions a dismissive ahmadinejad	iran 's parliament questions president ahmadinejad	4
syrian forces shell towns , clash with rebels	syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province	2.6
james gandolfini dies aged 51	nelson mandela dies aged 95	0.40
jeanne vertefeuille , who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy aldrich ames , died recently .	jeanne vertefeuille dies , 80 ; helped catch aldrich ames	3.8
a woman is water skiing on a lake .	a man is playing a flute .	0.000
the action of placing or situating an object	a formation of people or things one beside another .	1.2
lets assume we have % white and % black .	imagine a place that 's % white and % black .	3.77777777777778
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.40
the user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an `` obvious '' efficiency tool , such as macros .	instead of trying to force specific answers or method 's on them .	0.80
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there did not exist either of majority qualified within this parliament to return in article 272 .	4.750
worst nightmare ! `` : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
griffith , a mount airy native , now lives on the north carolina coast in manteo .	griffith , 77 , grew up in mount airy and now lives in manteo .	4.000
move to a new location , state , or situation	cause ( a computer ) to execute a single command .	0.000
i shot the sheriff we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.4
jl # nyt : u.s. military stops sending some detainees to afghan custody # p2 # topprog	u.s. military stops sending detainees to some afghan prisons on rights fears	3
french-led troops close in on timbuktu	french-led troops control access to timbuktu	3.6
i believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .	but in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation .	1
two french journalists killed in mali	france confirms two french journalists killed in mali	5.00
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , i shall concentrate in my speech on the report by mrs lalumière report , that i find well thought-out and clearly formulated .	5.000
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome	shape or influence ; give direction to .	2.000
the answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .	a formulated answer like this is not suprising , coming from the representative of the operators .	0
a man is singing and playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	3.600
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .	a dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .	3.80
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of clipping or snipping .	0.4
a baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .	a man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .	0.00
now you do n't have to be perfect on every answer .	you do n't have to know .	2
eclipse below are list of eclipse shortcuts which i use almost everyday .	to train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts , unplug your mouse for a few days .	0.60
how do i fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it ?	how do i patch a gap between my bathtub and wall ?	2
a small white cat standing in a sink .	grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .	3.6
new syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	syria opposition unites as israel fires warning shots	1
i 've started my own tool since i did n't like ywriter and storybook .	i 've tried many of the things mentioned above , but they never really worked for me .	1.60
a man is smelling two pizzas .	a woman is feeding a man .	0.200
pay unsolicited sexual attention to	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to .	3.4
red double decker bus taking on passengers .	a red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city .	4.4
it makes the circuit incomplete .	there is an incomplete circuit	3.50
according to canon , leia was an expert in combat , especially shooting ( this is from eu books ) .	in real-world combat , most fire is used to suppress the enemy , not kill them .	0.60
commodity expanded value-form , .	elementary commodity-capital value-form .	3.6
make or become harder	make hard or harder .	4.000
a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces .	a woman is cutting some vegetables .	1.800
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of retaining something .	0.2
what is a good solo to learn in the dorian mode ?	what is a good solo to learn in the major scale ?	2
a little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .	a little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .	0.40
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something .	4
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight .	4.6
open again , open anew	open again or anew .	5.000
do over , make new	make new .	3.750
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	report maij-weggen ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	4.750
this is what happened in brazil if you do n't know x	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	1.2
'kitty cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners , ' and more in this cat story .	well pets : holly the cat 's incredible journey	2
spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe	spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe	5
erdogan 's party submits plan for turkish presidency	erdogan 's party aims for turkish presidency	3.6
deprive of courage , hope , or optimism	deprive of courage or hope ; take away hope from ; cause to feel discouraged .	3.750
two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	nato soldier killed in afghan attack	4
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .	he has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies .	4.250
nato condemns syria 's downing of turkish military jet	nato strongly condemns syria 's downing of turkish jet	4.8
israel among top arms exporters in world : report	israel among top arms exporters and importers	3.8
work as a tinker ( fix pots and pans )	work as a tinker or tinkerer .	3.8
a woman is slicing an onion with a knife .	a man is preparing some dish .	1.250
oh so clever , weighs in on # obesity fight	coca-cola weighs in on obesity fight	2.4
gunmen 'kill 10 tourists ' in kashmir	gunmen kill four in kenya church attack	2.20
whilst employment may be the european union ' s priority policy , fisheries , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	if the employment is the policy of the union , the community , as a sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	3.750
latest anti-muslim violence in burma kills 1 , injures 10	world briefing | asia : myanmar : deadly anti-muslim violence flares up	2.60
a group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .	a large group of people riding brown and white horses .	0.00
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves .	4.500
someone fell off a horse .	a man gets knocked off of a horse .	3.500
george zimmerman 'to be charged ' with killing trayvon martin	george zimmerman to be charged in trayvon martin case , official says	4
a man is dicing an onion .	a woman is cutting an onion .	2.500
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
in computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .	however , the key in dynamic programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .	3
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .	0.800
mel smith dead at 60 and uk mourns a comedy favourite	griff rhys jones : mel smith was 'a force for life '	2.40
more factchecking : i do n't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .	i do n't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .	4.4
facebook unveils new search tool :	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool	4.8
or heels of trial of clothes .	or heels of transgressing or clothes .	2
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily .	4.7
the vector space model has several disadvantages .	a document has representation as a vector .	1
reduce to a simpler molecular compound	reduce ( petroleum ) to a simpler compound by cracking .	3.750
because it was still connected to the battery terminal .	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
iraqi police opened fire in downtown baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .	iraqi police opened fire in downtown baghdad wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .	3.250
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty ( cfe ) .	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) treaty .	1.4
the pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision is a victory for secretary of state colin l. powell .	the pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for powell and the state department .	3.667
singapore shares open lower on friday	singapore shares open higher on thursday	2.2
a baby is talking .	a boy is trying to say firetruck .	1.200
`` we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a supreme court appointment , '' daschle wrote .	`` we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , '' daschle of south dakota wrote the republican president .	4.000
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i say this to you very clearly : we must give its opportunity to kostunica and i therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead ; but in the meantime , i wish , however , that , in political terms and in budgetary terms , the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines , namely democratisation and reconstruction .	4.800
for what it 's worth , dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think .	regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease , as it not only dissolves it but also binds it .	0.40
`` then the captain was gone .	then the captain came back .	0.8
• p ( a|b ) is the conditional probability of a , given b .	p ( b ) ( a.k.a . the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of b .	1
that is not direct responsibilty to the constituents .	aye but they are responsible to their constituents .	2.6
the act of dividing or disconnecting .	the act of adding one thing to another .	0.8
be eligible or suitable , meet requirements for/as	prove capable or fit ; meet requirements .	4.8
tony abbott sworn in as new australian pm	tony abbott sworn in as australia pm	4.6
because there is a positive and negative connections	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	0.60
syria must destroy chemical weapons	libya ‘ destroys last chemical weapons ’	2.4
knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility .	it is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility .	4.900
syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	syrian opposition council to establish envoy in france	1.4
the vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .	in vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .	1
the price of a good or service	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence .	0.000
a group of people sitting around a table containing food .	a group of people sitting around a table on a porch .	3.4
on sunday , a u.s. soldier was killed and another injured in southern iraq when a munitions dump exploded .	on sunday , a u.s. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern iraq .	3.750
a quantity of money added to a bank account	money deposited in a bank or some similar institution .	4.250
children handcuffed 4 violating dress code ! # ms fills # school2prison pipeline reports grantee .	report criticizes school discipline measures used in mississippi	2.6
n korea warns of retaliation for south korea drill	north warns of retaliation for seoul 's naval drill plan	3.6
two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door , with one person pointing at the other .	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .	4.2
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members of parliament who are rather present .	3.750
ryanair in new bid for aer lingus	ryanair chief hails report findings	1.2
russian opposition leader under house arrest	russian opposition leader placed under house arrest	5
ferrer cruises into australian open quarter-finals	ferrer beats nishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals	3.6
( cause to ) come apart , separate , or split	cause to be agitated , excited , or roused .	1.4
`` the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . ''	the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims `` may signal more favorable economic times ahead , '' she said .	3.933
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro , north carolina .	spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc 's operation breadbasket .	0.50
during a screaming match in 1999 , carolyn told john she was still sleeping with bergin .	she , in turn , occasionally told john that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend , `` baywatch '' hunk michael bergin .	3.000
the man is drawing .	a man is drawing .	5.000
12th month of the calendar year	the last ( 12th ) month of the year .	4.8
mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president	mursi sworn in as egyptian president	4.4
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	what is more , the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions .	3.250
a woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .	a man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .	2.40
three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city .	the bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain .	3
i disagree with josh bruce on some of his tips .	research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb .	0.60
move about in a confused or purposeless manner .	move about in a confused manner .	4.750
it was a closed path	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	2.60
the act of arriving at a certain place	the act of putting something in a certain place .	1.4
in the united states , jails are operated by cities and counties ( or equivalent ) .	jail is a municipal level , prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level .	3.60
a woman dances on a stage .	a woman is dancing .	3.200
parent is defined as a point of origin . i 'm not done being the best parent i can be for ben . not by a very long measure	families of newtown school massacre victims organize against gun violence	0.8
symbolize , serve as an example of	serve as a means of expressing something .	3.8
a skateboarder jumps off the stairs .	a dog jumps off the stairs .	0.80
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	1.20
putin hailed saudi arabia as `` one of the most important muslim nations .	before the meeting , putin said russia regards saudi arabia as a key muslim state .	3.500
the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation .	the prices of everything you own ie assets have gone down .	2
a monkey is playing drums .	someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums .	2.500
a person is petting a monkey .	a man is holding a slow loris .	1.200
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	that leaves the conservative opposition without effective response .	5.000
alleged cop killer died from shot to head	alleged cop killer died from gunshot	4.2
change the key , pitch , tone , or volume of , likely for aesthetic reasons .	change the key of , in music .	3.500
mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	militants attack un as mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	3
omg . at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .	a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .	4.60
there is no war in the middle east .	there is no `` war '' in the middle east .	4.6
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	just as the court of human rights , the council of europe also has a solid experience in terms of such forms of control . we can to base .	3.250
be safe . i 've heard on the news about china 's air pollution that is terrible	china allows media to report alarming air pollution crisis	1.2
everyone should read 's cnn column from today :	america 's gun problem is not a race problem	0
a man is shooting a gun .	a man is spitting .	0.000
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this trend goes well beyond simple headscarves .	4.500
variants of the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) contain rocket launchers from belgium ; rockets , guns and engines from france ; brake systems from italy ; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain ; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies .	the alh 's arsenal includes -- rocket launchers from belgium rockets , guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company .	3.6
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something .	0.4
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy 's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government .	the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy 's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama .	3.8
discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked colorado shooting	discipline against student thought to be key to motive	3.4
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.20
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .	a small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .	3.40
that compares with a profit of $ 1 million , or breakeven , on $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year .	total revenue for the second quarter was $ 1.48 billion , up 7 % from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year .	1.500
move an implement through with a circular motion , mix	move an implement through .	3.500
while the day 's trading was lackluster , the standard & poor 's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 .	the standard & poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .	3.750
`` this decision is clearly incorrect , '' ftc chairman timothy muris said in a written statement .	the decision is `` clearly incorrect , '' ftc chairman tim muris said .	4.000
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , too , seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime .	4.750
prince is replacing sanford `` sandy '' weill , who will remain citigroup 's chairman .	prince , who heads citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing sanford weill as ceo .	3.000
dalmation running along the beach .	a dalmation runs along a beach .	4.80
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.60
staff writers selwyn crawford and colleen mccain nelson and brian anderson of dallasnews.com contributed to this report .	staff writers brandon formby and colleen mccain nelson contributed to this report .	2.800
in 2001 , president bush named kathy gregg to the student loan marketing association board of directors .	in 2001 , president bush named her to the student loan marketing association , the largest u.s. lender for students .	3.231
a man is playing a guitar .	a man tries to read the paper .	0.800
us military deaths in afghanistan at 2,153	u.s. military deaths in afghanistan	3.40
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say a few words on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be passed .	mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote .	4.400
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i appeal urgently to the french presidency to do everything in its power to fill that gap particularly destructive .	4.600
iran leader rouhani says nuclear deal with u.s. possible within ¿three months¿	iran president hassan rouhani wants nuclear deal in months	3.2
especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services. ``	according masi , `` the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view . ''	0
2 pussy riot members reunited in krasnoyarsk	freed pussy riot pair stir up anti-putin protests	1.2
a state of social order in conformance with existing law	a state of order in which events conform to the law .	5.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally .	4.750
nyt botches description of `` crushed beer can '' fiasco in mostly v. good piece on shell 's arctic troubles	rivals watch travails of shell arctic drilling	0.6
a man is adding oil to car .	a man is putting anti-freeze into a car .	2.000
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	however , i would like to say to the house this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the european union is spending that 1 % of gdp in the member states and that most of this money is managed in the member states .	5.000
rosberg emulates father with monaco win	formula 1 : rosberg stays modest despite monaco win	3.80
israel faces european backlash over settlement plan	israel called to account over latest settlement plans by european countries	3.6
a man and a woman are kissing .	a man and woman kiss .	5.000
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	this does not , however , rich countries emerging from their obligation to help .	4.500
illuminating jewish life in a muslim empire via talmud blog	documents illuminate jewish life in ancient muslim empire	3.4
what 's the best way to seal around this faucet ?	what 's the best way to store asparagus ?	0
powerful quake strikes off eastern indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern indonesia	4.00
a man is playing a musical keyboard .	a man is playing a keyboard piano .	5.000
the dollar fell as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on friday , and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in london .	the dollar dropped to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in london from $ 1.1486 on friday .	3.000
the quality of being useful for something	the act of making up your mind about something .	0.4
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .	3
you definitely do not want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding .	no , do n't support your weight on your arms your hands simply are n't really made for supporting all that weight .	4.20
implications of palestinian reconciliation	belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation	0.60
microwave would be your best bet .	your best bet is research .	0
it is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing a , c , z and the battery	2.40
`` close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , '' mr howard said .	close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .	4.000
a woman is slicing mango .	a man is putting cheese on a tortilla .	0.600
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations . in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed	a social unit living together ;	0.2
last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor .	he ran last year for the democratic nomination for texas governor , but lost the primary to multimillionaire tony sanchez .	3.250
this dog is jumping through the water .	two dogs running through the water on a beach .	2.20
a large boat in the water at the marina .	a large boat on the sea .	3.2
the woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .	a man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall .	0.00
several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another .	three televisions , on on the floor , the other two on a box .	3.2
a turtle walks over the ground .	a large turtle crawls in the grass .	3.750
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are rather honourably here .	4.500
# nra releases target shooting app , hmm wait a sec..	nra draws heat for shooting game	4
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	we can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself .	4.500
be against , resist	act against or in opposition to .	4.500
kyoto , at least does , as described here : jr kyoto station .	coin lockers are a feature of most stations in japan .	0.40
obama to meet families of shooting victims	obama to meet batman gun victims	3.2
because the two terminals will always have different electrical states .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.00
the ministry of defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of kenyan women who claim they were raped by british soldiers .	hundreds of kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by british soldiers were granted government legal aid wednesday to pursue their case against the ministry of defense .	3.000
physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point .	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center .	4.2
too many s*tty men in india : another gang rape	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	2.8
indicate , be signs or symptoms of	be a signal for or a symptom of .	4.750
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .	a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .	4.40
narrative or account , intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news .	4
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges .	a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges ( used for maintenance ) .	4.4
`` we have n't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , '' said david richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .	`` we have n't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , '' said dave richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .	4.000
the czech market is in comparison with other very specific .	other operators also refer to the specific nature of the czech market .	2
a man is playing a piano .	a woman is peeling a potato .	0.000
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only a month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with `` futile .	5.000
a cat is walking around a house .	a woman is peeling potato .	0.000
public takes its shots at armstrong -- what do you guys think of armstrong 's doping ?	public lashes out at armstrong	4
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the task , which is nevertheless capital , has not yet aroused great interest on the part of the public .	3.500
a man is dancing .	a woman is exercising .	0.400
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line financing demining and prevention programmes for years .	4.000
write a computer programme .	write a computer program .	4.500
the companies , chiron and aventis pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet u.s. demand .	chiron and aventis pasteur together made about 80 million doses , ordinarily enough for u.s. demand , the associated press reported .	4.400
the man is jumping into the water .	the man is up in the air .	2.40
still have connection to battery	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
the life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .	according to the report , average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990 .	3.500
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	the european union must be involved and do so quickly .	5.000
a man is riding a motorcycle .	a man is riding a horse .	1.400
thai police use tear gas against protesters	brazil leader breaks silence about protests	1
a person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television .	a person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie .	0
place limits on ; form the boundary of or be contiguous to .	form the boundary of ; be contiguous to .	4.4
in september , a 27-year-old singapore researcher contracted sars while working in a laboratory .	in a case in august , a 27-year-old laboratory worker in singapore developed sars .	3.400
three dogs playing in the snow .	three dogs are playing in the water .	2.60
( cause to ) become less interesting , attractive or vigorous .	become less interesting or attractive .	4.6
mining electronic records for health data may greatly benefit medical research , not necessarily reduce costs of care	mining electronic records for revealing health data	2.2
i said it was n't a person , in the legal sense .	if it is n't a person , then wtf is it ?	2
at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire `` kropp left that country in the nick of time .	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	2.8
if a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system .	should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system ?	0.60
lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination .	lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination .	3.800
a person is playing an electronic keyboard .	a kid is playing keyboard .	3.400
atlas shrugged it 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .	it 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .	3.6
classic crossword - saturday 1st june	classic crossword - saturday 20th april	1.60
the political head of city government	the head of a city government .	4.8
boost your flu shot response with exercise	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency	4.2
the show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .	the company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share .	3.250
a man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .	man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .	0.60
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election .	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices .	4.250
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something .	1.6
what does it mean to write a song in a certain key ?	is it possible to write a song without a key ?	1
a person is slicing some onions .	a woman is chopping herbs .	1.000
stock index futures point to lower start	stock index futures signal early losses	4.4
a living room with a dining table in the background .	view of a living room with a dining room in the background .	4.2
if `` crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them '' , then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people .	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible .	0.00
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail .	the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations .	2.2
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 6 .	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	4.60
the woman is waterskiing .	a woman is wake boarding on a lake .	1.750
`` we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [ touch-screen ] machines for the 2004 presidential primary , '' said gilles w. burger , state board of elections chairman .	`` we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised diebold machines , '' said gilles w. burger , chairman of the maryland state board of elections .	3.750
( the content of ) a communication .	a communication ( usually brief ) that is written or spoken or signaled .	3.750
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	lastly , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines .	4.600
journalists , take a hint from andrew sullivan -	journalists , learn from blogger sullivan	4.4
france says greece must show credibility for eurozone	france 's hollande backs greece but urges credible reform	1.8
a man is talking on the phone .	a man is moon-walking across a store .	0.400
i would happily have explained what i was actually saying , but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations .	surely this is entrapment ? he did n't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation ?	2.00
`` now , the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , '' street said to crowd laughter .	`` the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and i do n't blame him .	3.500
the act of moving , turning something	the act of making up your mind about something .	0.4
populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign # zeman # czechrepublic	former prime minister is elected president of czech republic	2.4
`` 2012 : the year of extreme # weather '' : # climatechange # drought # nationalclimateassessment # globalchangeresearch	iht rendezvous : 2012 : the year of extreme weather	4
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .	4.500
myanmar : opposition claims suu kyi win	voters in myanmar hopeful as suu kyi 's party claims win	3.2
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i say this very clearly : it is necessary to give its chance to kostunica and i hope that it will take time to a clear in the course of the coming weeks or months ; but in the meantime , i hope , however , that , in terms of policy and in terms of the budget , the political conditions are the introduction of these two new budget lines , namely the and reconstruction .	4.200
i do n't have direct experience with bettas , but i 've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination .	bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight .	2.60
lakers fire coach mike brown after 1-4 start	lakers fire mike brown after 1-4 start	4.4
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation .	4.000
waksal , in a letter to the court , said : `` i tore my family apart .	in seeking leniency , waksal apologized to the court , his employees and his family .	2.000
this looks a lot like an invitation to a no true scottsman argument .	i concur with @ t.e.d ; the question is a `` no true scotsman '' bar bet .	3.80
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the negotiations on membership , and therefore of the ' .	4.200
a man is making a bed .	a man is speaking to an audience .	0.750
california wildfire : 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage ( +video )	california wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress	3.8
an inherent aptitude or talent	an aptitude that may be developed .	3.6
two bald eagles perched on a branch .	two eagles are perched on a branch .	4.2
a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups .	4.8
a woman is cutting an onion .	a man is chopping an onion .	2.000
rivals watch as shell 's # arctic drilling hopes hit snags . $ rds.a # alaska # keystonexl # oil # politics	rivals watch travails of shell arctic drilling	3.6
chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got `` at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . ''	albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had `` at least one of the fires resolved . ''	3.800
the new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up .	the new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up , including 20 women taking hormones .	3.000
israel confirms strike on syria targeted weapons	israel officials : strike on syria targeted weapons	5
the act of escaping , fleeing	the act of escaping physically .	4.2
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses	a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community .	2.8
u.s. district judge edmund sargus ruled that the akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions .	firstenergy corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions , u.s. district judge edmund sargus ruled thursday .	3.600
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs .	5.000
china 's 1st pilot free trade zone opens	shanghai free trade zone begins operation	3.8
india , us to hold talks on china next week	egypt to hold more talks with imf on loan next week	1.40
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	firstly , that of simplification and clarification of the treaties .	5.000
woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .	a woman in a blue dress cuts a cake .	3.8
bulger 's brother is now on the agency 's ''10 most wanted '' list , sought in connection with 21 murders .	bulger 's brother , a former fbi informant , is now on the law enforcement agency 's `` 10 most wanted '' list .	3.250
i just do n't get this .	it just does n't make sense .	5.00
other changes in the plan refine his original vision , libeskind said .	many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , libeskind said .	4.600
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it .	they are all a bunch of spoiled kids , or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them .	3.20
remove feathers , pits , shells , skin , husks	remove shells or husks from .	4.2
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry .	ok that explains one more trillion of bush 's addition to the national debt .	0.50
rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave .	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave .	4.8
britz earned $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and kinney earned $ 3.76 million .	johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part-time adviser earned $ 1 million in 2002 .	1.400
in the last three weeks , progress has been made in three major areas .	in recent weeks , three significant progress has been made .	3.750
suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central somalia	suicide bomber kills at least 4 in kabul	1.80
abide by : act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes .	act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes .	4.8
a man is coming out into the water .	a man rises from a swamp .	3.200
camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .	a camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass .	4.4
excluding litigation charges , rim 's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share .	excluding patent litigation , rim 's loss for the quarter was $ 700,000 , or 1 cent per share .	3.333
two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .	0.00
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something .	0
part , cease , or break association with ( something ) .	part ; cease or break association with .	4.8
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	bulb b is in a separate path	1.33
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	that is our fight priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices .	4.600
in a gym , the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar .	alright , there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address .	0.00
the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	if a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .	1
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations , the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of september 2001 .	5.000
a document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .	the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	2
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	a specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.250
un inspectors hail progress over syria chemical weapons	u.s. has not concluded syria used chemical weapons -white house	2.20
the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .	the treat was originally signed in 1990 .	3.2
what 's in feinstein 's gun bill - # tgdn # pjnet	what 's in feinstein 's bill ?	4
the a920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .	dell 's personal all-in-one a920 is an entry-level device that combines printer , scanner and copier functions for $ 89 .	3.600
recording tracks of music made on some medium	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation .	0
two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .	two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field .	1.60
syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	syrian opposition leader criticizes u.s .	2.2
an object theme moves in the direction of a goal . the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context , but its is always implied by the verb itself .	succeed in reaching ; arrive at ;	1.5
the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something .	0.6
a girl riding on a brown and white horse .	a girl riding a brown horse .	3.6
damn , maybe i should n't be so sanguine about the london fog :	helicopter crashes in london rush hour	1
`` fairies do n't exist '' - fine .	`` satyrs do n't exist '' - fine .	1.2
one child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand .	a young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .	3.40
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover	bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering ( an afghan or bedspread ) that is casually thrown over something .	3.750
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia , recognising the true democratic principles .	4.400
something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind .	0.6
boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	one week later : boston honors bombing victims ; suspect unable to speak	1.20
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine .	3.750
is it possible his home was affected and the school was not ?	sure , it is possible his home was affected , but not the school .	3.2
the cleveland cavaliers won the right to draft james by winning the nba 's annual lottery thursday night .	such was the case thursday night when the cleveland cavaliers won the `` lebron james lottery , '' otherwise known as the nba draft lottery .	4.000
the man is playing a guitar .	a baby is playing a guitar .	1.800
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	2.20
egypt votes on new constitution	egyptians vote on divisive constitution	3.8
the euro < eur= > was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $ 1.18 .	in early u.s. trading , the euro < eur= > was down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860 .	2.200
two birds interacting in the grass	two dogs play with each other outdoors .	0.20
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	a group of people sitting around a table on a porch .	2.6
“ : secret service dog falls to its death ” 😢🐶	secret service dog falls to its death while on vp detail	4.2
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .	withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .	3.4
a tiger cub is making a sound .	a tiger is walking around .	2.000
i think you 're looking for a `` sandwich press .	the device is called a `` panini press '' and they 're available fairly small	3.9738
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.400
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which has been decided , which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months , does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials .	4.600
it 's a start ! kudos to this kid ! ! ! pepsico will halt use of additive in gatorade	gatorade listens to a teen and changes its formula	3.8
a man is assembling speaker parts .	a man is playing the guitar .	1.000
the people versus putin	the people against putin	5.000
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but the interests of america for iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy .	4.000
two dogs playing in snow .	two dogs playing in grass .	2.40
if you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight .	if you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight .	3.1
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake .	the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government 's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions .	2.2
a baby elephant is eating a small tree .	a little girl peddling a scooter .	0.000
egyptian president moves into mubarak 's old office	egypt 's president-elect morsi starts to form government	2.33333333333333
occupied palestinian territory : palestinians rebuff us peace talks blueprint	occupied palestinian territory : palestinians face a route to nowhere	1.4
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i insist on reminding you that among our allies , there are devotees of this tax .	4.750
the battery is containing a negative charge only	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	1.20
a woman is chopping garlic .	a woman slices a fish .	1.000
two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .	two dogs running down a path in the woods .	1.60
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	things are not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions . this is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments .	4.600
security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps .	security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate .	3.000
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .	a man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .	4.80
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	this does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help .	4.500
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .	4.6
a cat reclines on an office chair .	a ginger cat sitting on an office chair .	3.8
according to a news release sent by the terry schindler-schiavo foundation , florida speaker johnnie byrd will introduce `` terri 's bill '' during the special session monday .	florida 's speaker of the house johnnie byrd , is expected to introduce ''terri 's bill '' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in tallahassee .	3.750
falcon : abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey	abandon the intended prey , turn , and pursue an inferior prey .	4.2
the length of time of a temporary cessation	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something .	4.4
cheap generics no panacea for india ’ s poorest	cheap cancer drugs no cure for india 's poorest	3.8
hassoun to mauritanian delegation : conspiracy imposed on syria targets its stances , particularly over palestine	mufti : conspiracy aginst syria targets its stances , particularly towards palestine	3.20
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if bulb a burns out , bulbs b and c are still in a closed path	2.20
someone is slicing a cucumber .	a man is slicing a cucumber .	3.800
key says marae visit a lost opportunity	key wants waitangi marae visit to stay	2.2
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	. ( in ) the british labor members of group pse are pleased with the favourable response reserved for the contribution which they made to the ongoing work of the igc on the reinforced cooperation , without adhering completely to all the details of this one .	3.250
clean , cleanse , or able to be cleaned	cleanse with a cleaning agent , such as soap , and water .	3
a chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.80
a smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman .	two women sitting outside laughing .	3.2
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would also have liked to see the report of the court of auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example , one or two recommendations by chapter .	4.600
the state of being absent .	the act of climbing something .	0
a cat is watching a tv .	a man is slicing a leave .	0.000
a man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small tv .	a man sits on a bed very close to a small television .	3.4
israel agrees to release palestinian prisoners	israel releases 26 more palestinian prisoners	2.8
the republic geagea also be elections ,	geagea also discussed the elections in ba'bda 'alay ,	3.9738
it receives current from switche z .	there is a path containing a , c , z and x	1.40
a person is surfing a large wave .	a person is surfing .	3.600
in short - but victorious of kovalev	in short - victorious goal for kovalev	3
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	vote will take place at 17 h 30 .	4.750
as a result , murphy sought to substitute strier 's sister , ethel celnik , as the trustee .	murphy said strier 's sister , ethel celnik , was in the courtroom at the time , but strier was not .	1.750
a winning shot in tennis against opponent 's serve	( tennis ) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving .	3
exempt or free from a burden , duty , or requirement	free from a burden , evil , or distress .	3.8
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would have also wished that the report of the court of auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example , one or two recommendations per chapter .	4.400
it will help find where the gap in the circuit is .	measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .	3.20
a child and two dogs play in the water .	a child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .	2.20
bbc veteran hall admits child sex abuse	stuart hall admits sex assaults on children	3.4
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	putin 's russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years .	5.000
a woman is running on the beach .	a dog is swimming in a pool .	0.000
former zambian president arrested	zambia 's ex-president rupiah banda arrested	4
a man is dieing in an operating room .	a man is kissing a woman in stage .	0.400
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary .	4.250
it 's about the baggage attached .	it 's not the same thing .	0
njff is showing this film on jan 26 at rutgers university :	our generation : ? set for life ? documents crisis among baby boomers	0
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of climbing something .	0
the act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts .	an act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts .	5.000
the dow jones industrial average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .	the dow jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .	3.400
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other regions , the sharia is imposed .	4.250
the lamb is looking at the camera .	a small bird standing on a log at the waters edge .	0
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are quite honourably here .	4.167
a panda bear is chewing on a stick .	a baby panda plays with a stick .	3.000
running downhill is the best way to strengthen your quad muscles .	additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier , but in fact , is often harder than an uphill marathon .	2.00
my answer to your question is `` probably not '' .	the answer to your question is not really .	4
a man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .	a woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .	0.00
new un peacekeeping chief named for central african republic	un takes over peacekeeping in central african republic	2
a monkey is walking on a bed .	a man is riding a horse .	0.000
you do not need to worry .	you do n't have to worry .	5
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	4.60
senator schumer says he will vote for chuck hagel for secretary of defense good news !	schumer says he ? s satisfied with hagel on mideast	2
tamerlan tsarnaev buried in virginia	boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery	3.00
five men jump into a swimming pool .	a group of swimmers fall into a pool .	2.800
snowden hits hurdles in search for asylum	snowden 's hits hurdles in search for asylum	5.00
the state of being retained	the state of being actual or real .	1.2
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.80
they launched a watermelons of their car ' .	they launched a watermelon from their car ' .	4
u.s. , eu cautiously welcome iran 's proposal to restart nuclear talks	u.s. , eu welcome iran 's offer to restart nuclear talks	4
a terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal .	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	1.40
two u.s. soldiers shot , killed by afghan soldier	two british soldiers killed by afghan policeman	1.6
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we might have been able to prevent a disaster .	4.250
be in command of ; exercise authority or control over .	exercise authoritative control or power over .	4.250
the answer will depend significantly on what country you 're traveling to .	as someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication , i always declare it .	1.00
the political stock market	politicization of the securities markets	2.250
under the program , u.s. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .	under the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the united states .	4.250
in their experiment , three groups bid against a partner , in different circumstances .	at them , three groups surenchérissaient with a partner , in different circumstances .	3
cracklin ' rosie by neil diamond we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	jingle bell rock by bobby helm we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	1.6
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and internal affairs has prepared very carefully the karamanou report .	4.600
a woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil .	a woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid .	3.800
but jt was careful to clarify that it was `` not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment '' .	`` however , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . ''	3.200
some men are skating on the road .	two boys are skate boarding .	2.600
how can i stop my pie from burning ?	how can i safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust ?	3
a person is driving a car .	a man is driving a car .	3.500
police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	rodney king death ruled accidental	0.4
make or become harder	become hard or harder .	5.000
a little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .	a little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .	1.20
uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill	uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law	4
what is driving our growth in government spending # facts	what is driving growth in government spending ?	4
man held after subway attack in philadelphia omg !	man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in philadelphia	3
a person is stirring rice .	a woman is cracking an egg .	1.000
doing good ( and burnishing images too ) # celebrity # charity	the carpetbagger : doing good ( and burnishing images , too )	3.8
a monkey pulls the tail of a dog .	a monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo .	2.800
a black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle .	a black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle .	4
the cap wage is not mentioned in any specificity : the limitations depend on how the secretariat of the treasury offers its aid to the company .	the cap wage is not mentioned in the specific case , the limitations depend on how the secretariat the treasury suggests its aid to the company .	5
pakistan fighter jets bomb 'taliban hideouts '	pakistan wants arms supply to syrian sides stopped	1.60
the man is playing the guitar .	the man played his guitar .	3.667
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .	members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .	3.2
people are just standing in lines waitin ' to become teachers .	are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs ?	0.00
pakistan blocks twitter over anti-islamic material	pakistan blocks twitter over 'blasphemy '	3.8
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n. 's nuclear watchdog .	5
china , india vow to further bilateral ties	china scrambles to reassure jittery stock traders	0
has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?	one word : zombies has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?	3.8
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i ask you , on behalf of my colleagues of the commission and on my own behalf , to send a message from parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both of city of galicia , where they are in the majority of victims .	4.600
indian air force to buy 126 rafale fighter jets	india awards dassault $ 12 billion contract to replenish ageing air force	3.4675
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner .	4.4
thousands gather for new russian anti-putin rally	thousands gather in moscow for rival rallies	2.8
a man is shooting a gun .	a man is slicing a bun .	0.800
taiwan 's president charters plane to pay respects to lee	poland president loses to challenger	0
microsoft 's surface a big bet on future : analysts	microsoft 's surface tablet promising , but questions remain	3.8
you need to be embedding a color profile in you image , as also using a browser that supports color management .	in my experience , when the final production will be in srgb , use that color profile from start to finish .	2.60
we intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .	we think this was bad law , and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately .	3.067
the are on the same path	a and c are in the same path	2.40
a woman is applying eye shadow .	a woman is washing a bowl .	1.200
sachin tendulkar is sworn in as indian senator	mp sachin tendulkar says no to govt bungalow	1.6
'around 100 dead or injured ' after china earthquake	hundreds dead or injured in china quake	3.8
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
in the last three weeks , progress has been made in three major areas .	in recent weeks , three important progress has been made .	3.571
yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .	yes , there is a chemical difference .	0
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	that is why i also believe that this reconciliation can take , but the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems , needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support , on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole .	4.750
a man riding a white horse .	a woman riding a brown horse .	1.8
lose clarity or turn aside , especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument .	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing , thinking , or speaking .	4.4
there are a few things i think you should do .	there are quite a few things you would need to do ;	4
strike with horror , surprise , disgust	strike with horror or terror .	3.8
thanks to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .	the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on thursday .	4.250
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	in the foreground of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves .	4.500
however , i do not think so .	but i do not know how the show .	0
a close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car .	close up of the headlights on a blue car .	4
in desert outposts , border agents keep watch # elpaso # elchuco # lafrontera # mexico	at remote outposts , border agents sift for clues	3
the bluecore3-multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual adc and dac for stereo audio .	bluecore3-multimedia contains an open platform dsp co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual adc and dac for stereo audio .	3.600
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us , here in order to be able to welcome in good conditions the countries that are knocking at our door .	3.600
bulb b and bulb c are still on closed paths with the battery .	bulbs a and b are still in closed paths with the battery	1.80
more french soldiers to central african republic	gun battles in central african capital create fresh panic	2
the weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts .	maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph , with stronger gusts .	2.250
i am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best `` .	i am pleased because she has agreed to play a role in my work and i am honoured `` .	1
what is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar ?	what is the best way to learn to play a piece on the guitar ?	2
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is still perceived `` is an example of supply in the european community from a third country .	3.800
iran official : us visa denial to iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks	2.60
rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts .	redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts .	2.000
dear abby , we miss you already . how fortunate you are to have margalit fox write your obit ! `` dear abby , dies at 94 ''	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	3.8
iran 's president condemns use of chemical weapons in syria	probe alleged use of chemical weapons in syria	1.60
school officials said van-vliet reported the accident using the bus ’ radio .	van-vliet , who was also injured , called in the accident on the school bus radio .	3.750
a dog running along the beach .	boy and girl running along the beach .	1.40
eu set for new sanctions on iran	eu plans major new sanctions against iran	4.4
a woman with a big necklace .	a young woman with a black top and a necklace .	3.4
interfere with someone else 's activity	interfere in someone else 's activity .	5.000
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which was decided , which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half , does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials .	4.800
record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal	at least 1 dead , 40 hospitalized in southwest heat wave	4.00
pakistan begins demolition of bin laden compound	pakistan demolishes osama bin laden hideout	2.8
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population .	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices .	0.00
a band is performing on a stage .	a band is playing and singing on a stage .	4.500
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground .	4.8
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the establishment of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction , not to which the european parliament wants a long time ago .	4.000
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
a man is crying .	a woman is dancing .	0.600
spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability .	1.2
a woman is removing skin from some meat .	a woman is slicing a tomato .	1.200
dreamliner having fitful rollout . how tough is this for boeing ?	deepening crisis for the dreamliner	2.5
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	there is an incomplete circuit	2.60
the men were immediately flown to nearby botswana on a chartered air malawi flight , malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .	the men were flown to nearby botswana on an air malawi flight , the officials said .	3.533
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my view , there is , however , nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence .	4.800
tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall	3.80
it 's not because he is stupid , it 's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings .	i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i do n't care about .	0.00
treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to .	treat with an agent ; add ( an agent ) to .	4.6
but skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .	but skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors .	5.000
the people versus putin	the people against putin	5.000
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty .	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty .	4
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this tendency goes well beyond simple .	2.250
margaret thatcher dies after stroke	margaret thatcher dies at 87	4.20
pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	pakistani plane crashes with 130 people on board	2.6
such a step could put the issue before the un security council .	the matter could then be sent to the u.n. security council .	2.800
thank you for pointing me foster .	thank you for your concern pelastration .	0.40
a woman is frying something in the pan .	a man is playing his guitar .	0.000
blast on indian train kills one	state : no funds for yeshiva that incites violence	0.00
israeli , palestinian negotiators quietly meet	israeli , palestinian negotiators meet in jordan	3.6
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something .	0
china treasury bond futures open higher tuesday	china treasury bond futures close mixed wednesday	1
a woman is cutting scallions .	a woman falls on a sand castle .	0.000
the bestowing of a franchise , enfranchisment	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on .	3.750
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue	pass the tongue over .	3.250
she was taken by ambulance to charing cross hospital in hammersmith .	she was taken to charing cross hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .	2.800
ny times communications executive bob christie is leaving . one of the industry 's few good spokespeople .	times communications executive is leaving	3.6
a black and white cat playing with a wool basket .	a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	1.8
italy bus crash death toll rises	starbucks clears college degree path for workers	0.00
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia .	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial .	3
a man is slicing something .	a man is slicing a bun .	3.000
newcastle 2-0 liverpool : match report , pictures & video highlights	qpr 1-2 west ham : match report , pictures & video highlights	1
bangladesh collapse search over ; death toll 1,127	bangladesh collapse deaths top 620	3.20
'friends of syria ' in doha talks on arming rebels	syria talks agree military aid to rebels	2.6
geography as defined by its use .	a place where work is done ;	0.2
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process .	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration	0
a woman is dancing .	a man is talking .	0.000
the choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited , in most cases , to radio tubes .	the answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .	0
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	given these realities , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential .	5.000
twelve killed in bomb blast on pakistani train	five killed by bomb blast in east india	1.00
you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .	you 've worn the finish off your coffee table .	1.80
a state or act of gaining pleasure	the act of spending or disbursing money .	0
an area that is central within some larger region .	an area that is approximately central within some larger region .	4.8
kenyan forces caused mall collapse	official says kenyan forces caused mall collapse	5
britain set to deport of abu qatada	britain loses bid to deport radical cleric abu qatada	2.2
us capitol hill on lockdown after shots fired	watch live : us capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired	4.8
create an electrical short in something .	the act of stopping something .	0.6
police spokesman brig . gen. edward aritonang confirmed saturday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .	brigadier general edward aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .	5.000
i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights into the eventual treaty of nice .	i also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in nice .	4.800
feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	guatemala overturns former dictator 's genocide conviction	0.00
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary .	4.500
for me , it was clear that i had to travel there some day .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a risky job , i will remove it .	0
chris froome rides to tour de france endgame	chris brown concerts cancelled new	0
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race .	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .	1.4
authorities appealed to the public friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores .	authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside charleston-area convenience stores .	3.800
why is there no water in the kitchen ?	why is there no hot water in the kitchen ?	3
because there is no gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.00
what do i do if a professor at a foreign university does n't respond to my emails ?	what should i do if a professor says she does n't understand my questions in office hours ?	2
thai opposition party to boycott general election	thai opposition announces election boycott	4.8
'arrest warrant ' for maldives ex-president	maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president	4.5
imran blames rival for colleague murder	pakistans imran blames rival for killing party member	4.20
a state of being encircled	the state of being depleted .	0.2
pakistan 's musharraf under arrest in bhutto assassination	pakistan 's musharraf arrives at court for first time	2.40
leave out , omit , prevent from entering	prevent from entering ; keep out .	4.500
'4-hour ' work guru on china outsourcer : bad karma - cnn international	'4-hour ' work guru on outsourcer	3.6
so , it 's something else , is n't it ?	so , i guess that 's it .	1.33
two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .	a brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .	2.80
i have the same thing .	i have the exact same problem .	4
icc champions trophy : india vs south africa	champions trophy : india v south africalive	4.33
a black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky .	two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .	2.4
a woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .	a woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .	1.40
the state of being retained	the state of being suspected .	1
make amorous or sexual advances toward	approach with an offer of sexual favors .	4.2
suspected us drone kills 3 militants in pakistan	u.s. drone kills 4 militants in pakistan	3.4
small boat going down a creek .	a boat moving in a river .	3
a small , indefinite portion of something	lumber used in the construction of something .	0.4
but what a great long distance athlete .	but what great athlete of substance .	3
the pulsation of the heart	piece ( something old ) with a new part .	0
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .	bruguiere stated -- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .	3.8
syria demands guarantees , rebels say peace plan doomed	syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback	3.2
i 'd suggest you find a bank in your local country , and consider opening a euro denominated bank account with them .	i am not sure if you can open a bank account in france if you are not a resident .	1.60
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which has just been adopted , does not reflect it .	4.600
the state of being in contact	the state of being active .	1
man rowing a boat .	a man doing a trick on skateboard	0.00
if you have n't made any claims , then just say so .	i have n't made any claims .	2.4
tokyo to host 2020 olympic games	wrestling to feature in 2020 tokyo olympics	1.4
part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .	a key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .	4.400
what matters most is consumer awareness and making this information open to the public domain .	what matters most consumer awareness and make this information to public domain .	5
b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnap in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	( b5-0794 / 2000 , by mr medina ortega , linkohr , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists and the group of the party of european socialists , from a spanish in the negotiations with the ;	3.600
two dogs approach each other in the grass .	two dogs face off of each other on the grass .	4.80
rangel : more equal military ? bring back draft # deployment # usaf # military	a more equal military ? bring back draft	3.8
a woman holding a small baby .	a smiling woman holding a small baby .	4
the bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl .	a bird is eating from a bowl .	3.250
this answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the us .	this answer is based on experience i did not researched for references .	2
`` the electrical state at the terminal matches the battery '' '' s electrical state ''	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.80
the price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .	the choice of mode of use and requirements of the future owner .	0
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have explained , a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive .	4.000
should i use ira money to pay down my student loans ?	should i cash out my ira to pay my student loans ?	5
singapore shares open 0.31 % higher on monday	singapore shares open lower on monday	2.20
it depends on what they are .	it depends on how it 's used .	1
medium of exchange minted by a government	the official currency issued by a government or national bank .	3.4
a person is putting shredded cheese in a pot .	a hamster is eating some seeds .	0.250
if you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight .	if you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight .	3.1
many killed in japan road tunnel collapse	many killed in syrian air strike	1.2
a woman is handling a frog .	a man is holding a frog .	3.750
a term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .	the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .	1
an indicator that orients one generally .	an indicator that orients you generally .	5.000
j.j. abrams set to direct ? star wars : episode vii ?	j.j. abrams to direct next 'star wars ' movie	4.2
egypt 's morsi faces trial for prison break , murder , says prosecution	egypt 's morsi faces trial for prison break	3
have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something .	3.2
finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you ? ve got mad cow disease .	opinion : hypochondria : an inside look	0.4
america , the saudi arabia of tomorrow - good luck saudi : )	america , saudi arabia of tomorrow	4.4
it was random that she faced li na in the first round - not because she 's seeded/ranked # 127 .	this was too long for a comment , so i am posting it as a cw-answer .	0.00
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command .	4.2
a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .	a young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .	4.00
if you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all .	if you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it , do n't .	2
the act of preserving or protecting something	the activity of supplying or providing something .	0
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of forming or establishing something .	0.2
two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera .	a man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face .	0.00
bulbs a and c were still contained on closed paths with the batery	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	4.60
sheriff : i wo n't enforce obama 's gun laws . good for him .	sheriff wo n't enforce 'unconstitutional ' gun laws	3.8
a scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .	a scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle .	3.8
i have the same thing .	i had the same problem as you .	3
op-ed - why we must help save # mali # africa # helpmali	op-ed contributor : why we must help save mali	4.8
the dog is in the air above the grass .	the dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet .	1.00
venezuela 's hugo chavez dies of cancer	hugo chavez : venezuelan officials for unity	1.8
snowden 'given refugee document by ecuador '	snowden poised to fly out of moscow	1.20
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would remind you that one of our allies , it is very much of this tax .	4.500
iran predicts failure of israeli-palestinian peace talks	tentative deal reached to resume israeli-palestinian talks - us	1.40
the president 's biological father was kenyan , and obama barely knew him .	the justice system is a farce and we all know it .	0.00
does this beginning hook the reader ?	does my story beginning hook the reader ? ( dialogue + narration ) ?	4
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	4.200
sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated !	any help would be much appreciated .	3.20
( cause to ) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as a unit .	4
a woman is cutting an onion .	a man is cutting onions .	2.615
prince harry pays tribute to us war dead	us presidents pay tribute to mandela	0.40
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface .	0.2
the human act of making something new .	the act of breaking something .	0
i 'd start by reading david allen 's book : getting things done .	i 'm considering spending the $ 48 per month on the gtd ( getting things done ) system advertised by david allen .	3.00
`` this deal makes sense for both companies , '' halla said in a prepared statement .	brian halla , ceo of natsemi , claimed the deal made sense for both companies .	3.200
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the former version of the european reaction ( the desire called `` the desire of the '' ) ” .	4.000
bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	bangladesh prison van ambushed	3.40
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	5.00
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .	4.800
they say so much about he , i know , many things are not true .	however , i do not think so .	2
8 rockets fired from gaza into southern israel ; none hurt	ten rockets from gaza land in southern israel ; none hurt	3.4
we do not have to look too far to find examples .	we do not have to go look too far to find examples .	5
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another , enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another ; enables international transactions to take place .	4.8
waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week .	waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year , and he is scheduled to be sentenced june 10 .	3.500
obama cancels moscow meeting with putin	obama canceled meeting with putin	4
someone is mixing a liquid .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.000
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who deny the enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car .	4.800
a boy swinging on a swing .	the girl is on a swing .	2.40
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .	4.500
6 killed by hot lava as indonesia volcano erupts	five dead in indonesian eruption	3.00
un observers find traces of syrian massacre	un team investigates syrian massacre	4
a woman is slicing an onion .	a woman is cutting a carrot .	1.400
social ranking or position	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society .	4.000
why is my furnace blowing hot air outside through a pvc pipe ?	why is my furnace blowing hot air outside ?	3
these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent , usually with regard to another person ( the controllee ) and often with regard to a particular issue . the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in ( expressed by ) an agent or by some medium ( e.g. , laws ) , or by some behavior of the agent , i.e. , the controlling_act .	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment ;	1.6
`` : in today ? s gun challenge editorial , obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform. ``	editorial : president obama ? s plan for gun reform	3.2
israeli forces arrest 21 palestinians overnight , clash with locals	israeli security forces arrest 8 palestinians in overnight west bank sweeps	1
a cause or source of duress , worry	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension .	3.2
tirana is the capital of	abuja is the capital of	1
venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions	venezuela lawmakers brawl over election	5
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that democratic activists indonesians may generate drive and internationally .	4.750
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often take pride here in representing the european citizens .	4.500
the man is pushing the van .	the woman is singing .	0.000
when it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.20
a group of people in a living room .	a group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .	0.8
a sudden ( emotional ) outburst .	a sudden outburst .	4.250
circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	2.00
business news and markets : as it happened , april 17 , 2013	business news and markets : as it happened , june 20 , 2013	2.40
attachment , restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom ( especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner ) .	3.6
make more common , uniform or general	draw from specific cases for more general cases .	1.6
a woman is playing flute .	a woman plays on a flute .	4.600
a man and a woman are different yes .	men and women are different yes ?	3.4
being in a protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition .	2
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue .	4.750
head of a country	the chief executive of a republic .	4.500
bulbs b and c werer still contained in a closed path with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	5.00
a woman peels a potato .	a woman is peeling a potato .	5.000
china manufacturing index at 11-month low : hsbc	china manufacturing expands in september	1.00
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( the parliament adopts legislative resolution )	4.750
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid , support or market at grass is essential .	4.500
an established linear path of travel	an established line of travel or access .	4.2
the tan and white dog is running in the field .	the brown and white dogs run through the field .	3.40
a close-up of a gray cat with green eyes .	a close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .	2.4
you can claim it 's false all you want , but facts are facts .	you spew here what you claim to be facts .	1.60
visual representation sketched by hand	a visual representation of something .	2.8
the song is ensured by katerˇina kneˇzˇínková and adam plachetka .	the song is performed by katerˇina kneˇzˇínková and adam plachetka .	3
i think you 've pretty much done your review .	you 've pretty much answered your own question .	2
the university constituencies are modelled on the university constituencies in use in britain in 1922 when ireland became independent .	this is still a representational form of gov't , but with a unique twist .	0.20
microsoft 's windows 8 sales are ok , not great cnnmoney	microsoft 's windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	4.4
miss montana has a great story to tell . # autism	miss montana on her autism	5
president heading to bahrain	president xi : china to continue help to fight ebola	0
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only one month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “ futile ” .	4.250
a point , as the op part of a compass arrow	a v-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer .	3.2
iac 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .	interactivecorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the nasdaq stock market .	4.500
express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) ; indicate .	express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) .	4.2
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained .	4.250
three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it .	three men sitting at the table with beer and food .	3.4
a man cuts a potato .	a man is slicing a potato .	3.750
move to a lower position , terminate something	terminate an association with .	2.750
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .	neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .	1.8
one , fort carson-based sgt . ernest bucklew , 33 , had been on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in pennsylvania .	sgt . ernest bucklew , 33 , was coming home from iraq to bury his mother in pennsylvania .	3.000
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .	a group of people ( often temporary ) having a common purpose ;	2.6
police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing wells , before bomb technicians arrived .	while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .	4.000
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we have started to have discussions on this issue , making it clear that all the member states wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	5.000
( i love him ! ! ! ! ) 10 reasons we ca n't get enough gosling -	why we ca n't get enough gosling ( duh ! )	3.8
come up , as of liquid or gas	take up , as of debts or payments .	0.2
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion	break down , literally or metaphorically .	2.250
the state of being retained	the state of being in effect or being operative .	0.4
a white and brown dog is running over grass .	a brown and white dog is running across the grass .	4.60
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated -- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .	5
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	however , i would like to say to the house this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the european union spends only 1 % of gdp of the member states and that most of this money is managed in the member states .	4.600
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i insist on this point because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this perspective , there is neither can be no competition without limits .	4.400
nytimes : armstrong , a confession without explanation-the most sophisticated , organized and professionalized ? in history	for armstrong , a confession without explanation	4
make colder , or icy , using ice	cause to become ice or icy .	2.4
to support the sector , one would need between 16 and 18 million per year .	to support the sector , it should be between 16 and 18 million per year .	5
beyond the media 's coverage of her emotions , # clinton put out good info : five things we learned from benghazi hearings	5 things we learned from benghazi hearings	3.6
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something	search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something valuable or lost .	4
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	what he has done without the initiative goes very far .	3.400
a sharp side of an object	a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object .	3.333
ny times : dot earth blog : is 'wild west ' era for fracking coming to an end ?	is 'wild west ' era for gas drilling coming to an end ?	4.6
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something .	0
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the overarching objective and secondary objectives , represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the commission .	4.600
someone slices a bottle with a sword .	a man breaks a bottle with a sword .	4.000
new legit download service launches with pc users in mind .	buymusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for pc users .	2.400
inflation falls to 15-month low : what the analysts say	inflation falls to 15-month low	4.6
us postpones missile test over n korea tensions	embassies staying put in n. korea despite tension	1.20
a man is smoking .	a man is skating .	0.500
an entity is in a specified state . when not explicitly specified , the state usually concerns the entity 's health , repair of functioning . the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity .	the way something is with respect to its main attributes ;	1.6
china 's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against usd thursday	china yuan weakens to 6.1818 against usd tuesday	2
castro celebrates 86th birthday monday	fidel castro celebrates 86th birthday	4.2
she obviously has a legit excuse , although she could have been more responsible and `` have '' told you in advance .	the first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence .	0.40
- admin drpizza and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .	and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .	3.8
a stiffener in a garment	( nautical ) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar .	1.000
what is the best way to apply shellac-based primer ?	what is the best way to clean a grater ?	0
if you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying .	the above advice is quite good , just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country .	0.60
a girl in orange lights a candle .	a girl in an orange shirt lights candles .	4.00
detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : u.s. judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection	4.60
she asked to be excused from last week 's cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .	she took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .	3.455
lock with one another	become engaged or intermeshed with one another .	3.250
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	5.000
the state of being retained	the state of being angry .	0
blast kills 11 in northwestern pakistan	bomb kills 19 in northwest pakistan	2.6
the legal granting or bestowment of rights	the act of granting rights .	4.000
doubt or an impression that something might not be the case .	an impression that something might be the case .	4.000
a woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board .	a woman is feeding her baby with a bottle .	0.500
ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis	4
north korea nuclear test sparks worry	north korea nuclear test	2.4
us election : mitt romney concedes defeat as barack obama wins second term	romney concedes election to obama in phone call	4
a woman is chopping broccoli .	a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .	4.250
a dark brown horse standing in a field .	a brown horse stands in a lush green field .	4.2
tan cows look closely at the camera .	a white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera .	0.75
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal , unproven benefit , i know the liar is a leftist .	i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world .	0.20
primer/paint will not work .	nope that will not work .	2
schools chancellor joel klein said the push for higher standards and accountability `` is showing results . ''	schools chancellor joel klein said he was pleased by the results .	3.000
@ frank apisa , frank , i observe and perceive .	@ cicerone imposter , frank , i observe and perceive .	4.2
they came despite what ba called a `` difficult quarter '' , which it said included unofficial industrial action at heathrow .	ba said the second quarter , which included unofficial industrial action at heathrow , had been difficult .	3.600
there 's not a lot you can do about that .	i 'm afraid there 's not really a lot you can do .	5
freedom of speech has consequences !	if freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free .	2.11111111111111
the act of suction	the act of sucking .	4.500
a man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the flute .	2.200
a dog jumps into the water .	a dog is jumping into the water .	5.00
algeria president gets therapy after stroke : state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate	0.40
appoint , ordain to a clerical post	appoint to a clerical posts .	4.8
`` i have changed , i do not want to take risk '' .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a job at risk , i supprimerai .	1
manage , handle , or control something	direct the course of ; manage or control .	4.6
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops .	3.6
zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car .	his `` friends '' say that he was confronted by his car .	2.4
a person cuts an onion .	a person is cutting an onion .	5.000
sadness . `` : dolphin stuck in polluted nyc canal dies . ”	dolphin stuck in new york canal dies	4
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
loving the street style from the # couture in # paris # fashion	t magazine : street style from the couture in paris	4
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance .	4.400
what could be wrong with my air conditioner ?	what could be wrong with my a/c unit ?	5
i would say weakened or lost .	without more context , it 's difficult to know , but i 'd try `` faded '' ( means the same as `` reduced '' ) or `` changed '' .	3.8025
typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .	single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .	5
a band of leather or rope made to identify animals .	a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal 's neck as a harness or to identify it .	4.250
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it .	5.000
in vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .	finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .	1
a man and dog on a rocky seashore .	man and dog standing on rocks next to water	4.80
india ink : image of the day : may 21	india ink : image of the day : january 16	1.80
bush gets zero credit for the budget under him .	and , obama gets zero credit for the budget under him .	1.8
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are not connected	1.40
there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event ( typically perception or manipulation ) with the participant . alternatively , the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [ note the connection with *distance , sufficiency , and capability . words in this frame can generally be paraphrased `` close enough to be able to '' . ]	a range of mental vision ;	0
a woman is mixing eggs in the bowl .	a man is doing push ups .	0.000
you probably do n't have any chance at the moment .	saying `` thanks , i do n't have any questions at the moment . ''	0
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	report/ratio maij-weggen ( a5-0323/2000 )	4.750
singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher	2.2
declines in us stock market moderate	tech sell-off sends asian stock markets lower	0.40
the notification was first reported friday by msnbc .	msnbc.com first reported the cia request on friday .	3.000
china stock index futures close higher -- dec. 4	china stock index futures close lower -- jan. 24	2.2
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups ( here termed organizations ) with some definite structure and members . they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party .	a committee having supervisory powers ;	1.2
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting	approval of the official report of the previous sitting	4.400
5 people buried in colorado avalanche	'5 snowboarders killed in colorado avalanche '	2.8
the man sang on stage into the microphone .	a man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing .	3.500
others with such a status are egypt , israel , and australia .	nations like israel and australia already have such status .	2.500
police confirm how suspect was captured	raid on boston marathon bombing suspect captured on film	2.2
norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	norway marks anniversary of massacre	2.8
take apart into constituent pieces	take apart into its constituent pieces .	5.000
pistorius officer dropped from case	pistorius officer on attempted murder charges	2.2
the lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook .	a woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water .	4.333
make receptive or willing toward an action or belief .	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief .	4.750
boko haram disrupts nigerian elections	press awash with nigeria\ 's general elections	1
us drone strike kills eight in waziristan	us drone strike kills 11 in pakistan	2
lie at an angle ; bend along a path .	to incline or bend from a vertical position .	3.4
a woman is swimming in the beach .	a woman splashes around in the ocean 's waves .	3.200
monkeypox is usually found only in central and western africa .	prairie dogs , usually found in southwestern and western states , aren ’ t indigenous to wisconsin .	0.250
the only other person who had not been accounted for sunday was a man from fort worth , texas .	another person , a man from fort worth , texas , also was missing .	3.600
two airplanes in the sky .	a plane in the sky .	2.4
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of ending something .	0
mali islamists destroying 'more timbuktu shrines '	mali islamists destroy more holy timbuktu sites	4.5
pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations	wto : india regrets action of developed nations	0
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim .	4.6
the action of placing or situating an object	the condition of living or the state of being alive .	0
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something .	0.4
the baby laughed in his car seat .	a baby is laughing .	3.100
a city on the river thames in bershire , southern england	a city on the river thames in berkshire in southern england .	5.000
the man is mixing whipping cream .	the man is holding a skunk .	0.000
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can also apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous as far as the consumer of drugs should be the only to run risks .	3.800
pregnant sudan woman who married a christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy '	sudan frees christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy	2.80
two people walking on the beach at sunset .	two people walking along the shore at sunset .	5.00
do something considered below one 's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one 's dignity .	4.6
a women laying across two men sitting on a sofa .	a man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa .	2.2
wtf are you babbling about ?	wtf is that all about ?	3.90
a man and a woman watch two dogs .	a man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .	0.40
i 'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language ( s ) of your students .	as bikeboy389 said , you can learn a lot by looking at students ' native languages .	2.80
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.80
out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , would n't .	out of touch and untrustworthy ?	4.25
lead someone in the wrong direction ( physically ) ; give wrong spatial directions .	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions .	4.750
women are talking .	the men are talking .	2.600
i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me , and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me , until i realised i could n't do it and stopped and made him take me home .	but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun , and what they did etc . i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that . he told me all nude and i just broke down crying .	1.60
washington : more than 100 are charged in medicare fraud sweep	washington : court upholds voting rights act in alabama case	0.6
one man is breaking cement on another man 's chest .	a man breaks cinder blocks on another man .	3.750
the public submission of a legal record	the entering of a legal document into the public record .	4.250
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	there is no gap between the terminals	1.60
draw advantages from ; take advantage .	draw advantages from .	3.750
new york state has gun control deal , with focus on mental ills	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws	2
special measures for beijing polution :	smog cloud blankets beijing	2
the rev . christopher j. coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , would n't comment friday .	the rev . christopher coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .	3.800
the dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg .	a monkey pulled a dogs tail .	1.750
a tiger is walking around his cage .	a tiger walks around aimlessly .	3.000
how long does cooked tvp keep in the fridge ?	how long will uncooked chicken keep in the fridge ?	1
the act of cutting off length , snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping .	4.2
a television in a messy room with several bookcases .	a room with a television , stereo and bookshelf .	3.2
million man march ; promises to bring change in bleeding pakistan- # tahirulqadri # 14jan	'million man march ' promises to paralyze pakistani capital	1.8
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny .	4.800
aaron swartz , internet activist and a creator of rss , is dead at 26 , apparently a suicide .	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26	3.4
a woman is applying cosmetics to her face .	a woman is putting on makeup .	4.600
brian brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .	her son would get upset , his mom said , but then turn around and befriend his taunters .	3.200
bulb c creates a gap	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
a language unit by which a person or thing is known	this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names .	3.4675
green and white bird perched on tree branch .	bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch .	4.2
both devices implement the v1.2 standard 's esco facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications .	bluecore3 also implements v1.2 's esco facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for bluetooth transmission .	3.250
prosecutors did an about-face in may and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of conner peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .	they asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .	4.000
cars , drivers plunge into river after wash. i-5 bridge collapse	cars plunge into river as us bridge collapses	3
three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	three feared dead after helicopter pub crash	5
the man is seasoning the sausages .	the man added seasoning to water in a bowl .	2.400
two women in the kitchen looking at a object .	two women in kitchen with one taking a picture .	2.8
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem .	3.750
the only questions remaning are `` when '' and `` how bad '' .	of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how .	2.33
a man is speaking on a stage .	a man is speaking at a podium .	3.400
attacker in afghan uniform kills 2 nato troops	man in afghan army uniform kills nato soldier	3.4
a moped in front of ruins .	white bus parked in grass in front of building .	0.6
dutch automat returning zing to dutch cooking	putting spice into dutch cooking	3.4
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity .	5.000
gunman may have filmed school massacre	killer may have filmed france school shooting	3
two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish .	two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .	0.00
hawaii passes gay marriage bill	us senate passes gay workers bill	1
what is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?	what is the difference between erebor and moria ?	0
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made '' .	however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . ''	3.800
a puppy is trying to come out from the sink .	the puppy tried to get out of the tub .	3.000
the battery is in a closed path with itself .	the battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	4.40
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
pataki praised abraham 's decision , and lipa chairman richard kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently .	lipa chairman richard kessel said that meant the cable could be used `` as we see fit .	2.400
the male eagle was found by a zookeeper early thursday , suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen .	the 21-year-old eagle , found by a zookeeper early thursday , had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back , spokeswoman julie mason said .	3.250
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations , the preparatory process and to the special session in september 2001 .	5.000
a man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .	a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .	1.40
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	in addition , we would like to be likely to prove in europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia , by recognizing the true democratic principles .	4.800
a man is slam dunking a ball .	a woman is slicing some onions .	0.000
two black and white dogs are playing together outside .	two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .	1.00
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( the parliament adopts the legislative resolution )	5.000
both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year , and there were no problems .	yours looks like the one we used for my kids ( same brand and everything ) .	1.40
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification .	3.8
a man is smoking .	the man sat in his suit and smoked .	4.000
ask for and get something for free .	ask for and get free ; be a parasite .	2.6
a small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass .	a man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen .	0.8
david beckham to retire at end of season	david beckham retires from football	4.2
a woman is chopping broccoli .	a woman is chopping garlic .	2.600
clearly , explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	we should obviously determine the reasons of the increased incidence of the esb , not only in france but also in other member states .	3.600
the act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates .	transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates .	4.750
it runs on a different current	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
treasury proposal sees 1.5 % increase in income tax	treasury proposes 1.5 % income tax raise in budget	4
soaking for a while in cold water beforehand also helps tame the bitterness .	braising gently in milk will also , i find , help with bitterness .	3.0174
us : madoff brother to plead guilty in ny in fraud	madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud	4.2
nytimes : apps and other digital tools lend a hand ...	tool kit : apps and other digital tools lend a hand to new mothers	3.4
the dog walked along the edge of the pool .	a dog is walking along a pool .	4.600
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really to this trend .	4.750
a dog rides a skateboard .	a dog is riding a skateboard .	5.000
four children looking at barn animals .	children looking a sheep .	3.2
most of the literature i can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits , not eating habits .	in my experience , babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry .	2.60
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .	south africa 's foreign ministry stated that south africa 's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .	3.8
mr. sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in philadelphia at the annual meeting of the american political science association .	sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on saturday night at the annual meeting of the american political science association .	3.500
mom busted in and said , `` what 's that noise ? ''	my kids busted in and said 'whats that dad ? '	1.8
`` it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete , '' barrett said .	`` it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete '' with fast-growing economies such as china and india , barrett said .	3.250
a small dog runs through an obstacle course .	a small dog jumping over an obstacle .	3.80
iranian hopes dashed at non-aligned summit	un chief asks iran to prove its nuclear program peaceful	3.8025
his daughter , nina axelrod , told the associated press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .	axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , nina axelrod .	4.333
bradley triumphs at firestone as furyk fades	bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders	0
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally .	4.600
a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others .	3.4
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	there is a gap in a circuit	2.80
on the screen of the machine they will find all the information about the validity of their document .	that is , on the screen of the apparatus , that will show the information about the validity of their document .	4
( computer science ) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer .	( computer science ) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer .	5.000
cnn : egypt clashes : a stern egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe ...	egypt deploys troops to suez to quell 'out of control ' clashes	0.8
two girls are jumping high in the air .	two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .	0.20
the answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .	however , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .	0
a social occasion , often official or formal	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony .	3.8
a harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind .	a brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .	3.00
pakistan court demands 'blasphemy ' rampage answers	pakistan-un report reveals alarming levels of drug use	0.6
chavez leaves again for cuba for radiotherapy	chavez set for more radiotherapy in cuba	4.4
question is : does this mean civil war ? probably not . but still not a good situation # iraq	sunni sheikh to al-maliki : hand over soldiers behind shootings or 'face losses '	0.6
it 's also a matter of taste .	it 's mostly a matter of taste .	5
syria envoy calls for national unity government	syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict	2.2
a woman is cutting some fish .	a woman is cutting tofu .	2.200
suicide bomber kills 9 at pakistan political rally	suicide bomber kills guard at us embassy in turkey	1.6
complete path including a battery and a bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	3.60
gunmen kill eight in second kenya attack	gunmen 'kill 15 ' in second kenya attack	3.00
would going on a cargo ship count as a tour ?	ozbus offer a 29 week tour of south america , starting and finishing in quito .	1.00
`` not all smoothies are created equal ! ''	9 calorie bombs at restaurants	0.6
cc `` : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3
i 'm not talking about this year , maggie .	you 're not talking about current events .	2.40
i bought a book , which talks about this , so here 's an answer to my own question .	well i would n't risk it , not in a cold compost system .	0.00
the bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .	the bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in iraq and afghanistan .	4.000
two dogs fighting in the snow .	two dogs playing in the snow .	2.60
it is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .	it is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .	5
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is linked to oil production .	5.000
it is possible , but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank .	we tried putting a male betta in a community tank once .	2.40
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case .	4.2
mr president , i voted for the garcía-margallo y marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce .	mr president , i voted in favour of the garcía-margallo y marfil report , which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means .	5.000
it 's not imposing morals .	it 's imposing a law .	1.1
pure communism : you have two cows .	libertarian/anarcho-capitalism : you have two cows .	2.4
a black and white photo of an old train station .	a black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .	0.8
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we keep l ' unanimity in council and therefore a latent inability to act .	3.250
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad influence destabilizing , not bernanke .	5.000
north korea says to put us citizen on trial	north korea says detained american tourist to face trial	5
two astronomers surveying the region around jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .	astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting jupiter , bringing its known total to 60 .	3.000
at feira , the council considered those countries participating in the stabilisation and association process as potential applicants for membership of the european union .	in feira , it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process .	4.111
a man is spitting .	a man is talking .	0.800
it can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .	and it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .	3.846
an apple computer sitting on the floor .	a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .	3.8
increase the acoustic volume of .	increase the volume of .	4.000
but they were necessary .	but they were needed .	5.000
a golden dog is running through the snow .	a pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .	1.40
assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task .	4.750
three little girls are sitting on the grass .	two poodles are running through the snow .	0.80
a passer-by found ben hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .	a passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .	4.000
it is gratifying that parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness .	we should be pleased that parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency .	5.000
anyway , i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago .	then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day .	1.40
the lady cracked an egg into a bowl .	the man is cracking eggs into a bowl .	2.600
mandela hospitalized , responding to treatment	mandela hospitalised after he stops talking	3.4
egypt 's brotherhood stands ground after killings	egypt : muslim brotherhood stands behind morsi	2.4
the questions are many .	the questions are numerous .	5.000
i 'm shocked he was even elected ...	it worked in the snyder case .	0.00
glad to hear you 've started playing hockey , its a great sport !	a general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating .	0.40
finally , i welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually .	finally i welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme .	4.800
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced -- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .	4.8
because the path is short	the path is not closed	1.00
soak up ( as if ) with a sponge .	hurl as if with a sling .	0.4
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue .	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension .	2.6
person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge .	0.6
before there was dear sugar , there was deary abby : pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions , dies at 94	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	4
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take .	5.000
someone is slicing a vegetable .	someone is slicing a tomato .	3.000
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.26666666666667
the woman is slicing fish cake .	the woman is riding a horse .	0.800
a baby holds a ketchup packet .	a baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet .	4
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something .	0.2
an animal is walking .	a woman is applying eye makeup .	0.000
daily review : selected letters of william styron # review	? selected letters of william styron ?	4
a long , thin implement , usually made of wood	an implement consisting of a length of wood .	4.750
because there was a gap in the terminals	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	1.40
a puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back .	a dog is rolling from side to side .	3.500
shares of coke closed new york stock exchange trading thursday at $ 44.01 .	in morning trading on the new york stock exchange , coca-cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .	2.400
the rule - when in doubt throw it out !	i always go by the rule `` when in doubt , throw it out !	4
white cat sitting inside of a sink .	grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .	3.4
intel today disclosed details of its next-generation xscale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in san jose .	intel on wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones , pdas , and other wireless devices .	3.600
texas sues over syrian refugees	turkey 'exploits ' syrian refugees	1
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , i shall concentrate in my speech on the report by mrs lalumière , report that i find well and clearly .	4.200
truly a sad day . at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
close within bounds ; deprive of freedom	to close within bounds , limit or hold back from movement .	3.750
n. korea defiant on u.n. sanctions	u.n. security council slams north korea , expands sanctions	1.4
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not ?	do you have anything to make it more compelling ?	2.4
israel approves release of first group of palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks	1.00
a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty .	0
the human act of making something new .	the act of making or enacting laws .	0.6
bomb attacks kill 20 in baghdad 's christian areas	bombs kill 35 in baghdad christian area	3.00
the black and white cat is looking up at the camera .	a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .	3.6
see also : nytimes : in quebec , a celebration on skis	in quebec , a winter celebration on skis	5
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we define a clear and binding for the member states , the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test .	4.000
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building , transparency and cooperation between member states .	the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building , transparency and cooperation measures between member	3.8
a context or situation that hinders or impedes	a negative aspect of something that is generally positive .	0
a dog napping under a small table .	a dog sleeping under a table .	4.6
the term sorted seems to cover both alphabetic and numeric .	`` collated '' is a more general term that encompasses both alphabetical and numeric sorting .	3.4675
mumbai indians puts t & t in its place	indonesians vote for president in tight race	0.00
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .	a black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .	3.20
a man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a christmas tree .	the man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .	0.40
a train sitting on the tracks near a field .	a train traveling down the tracks .	2.2
russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting internet	russia says ballistic 'objects ' fired in mediterranean	0.40
a group of sheep in a field .	a group of horses grazing in a field .	1.6
a man is running .	a man is running down a road .	3.500
the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 september 2003 .	the offer is also subject to goldman signing an agreement with drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by sept. 30 , it said .	4.400
make reference to something .	make reference to .	4.500
a woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book .	a woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too .	1.200
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures .	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions .	4.4
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	3.40
malala , snowden , belarusians short-listed for sakharov prize	fugitive snowden short-listed for european rights prize	3.60
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	we need to know today , since we are still in uncertainty , which are the scientific data , which are the measures to be taken .	4.600
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we define a clear framework and constraining for the member states , the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test .	4.200
two women standing in front of tour bus .	two men talking in front of a plane .	0.4
woman dies after abortion refusal	woman dies after cliff collapses in dorset	0.6
the joint debate is closed .	the joint debate is closed .	5.000
the island nation reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .	taiwan reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .	5.000
therefore , the explanation of the existence of the universe is god .	if the universe has an explanation of its existence , that explanation is god .	3.6
shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower .	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly .	4.5
russia responds to ukraine ceasefire	cyprus probes ukraine assets	0.80
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	4.80
unfairrt : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission : what do you think ?	readers sue armstrong for book refund	4
carry out or complete an activity	carry out or perform an action .	4.2
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we must intervene with money and concrete actions , and not only with words .	4.600
un security council unanimous vote on syria	un security council to vote on up to 300 syria monitors	3.2
audi to buy motorcycle maker ducati	probe into motor insurance market	0.6
secure and protect a lifeform , maintain from injury or harm	maintain in safety from injury , harm , or danger .	4.4
a boy in a red sled is riding down the hill .	a multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .	0.00
psni failed ruc officers , tribunal told	13:23 psni 'failed ruc officer families '	4
i should like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , mr brok , for his clear , comprehensive report .	i thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , mr brok , on his clear and comprehensive report .	3.600
the treaty was first signed in 1990 .	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .	4.2
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe .	5.000
a woman riding a brown horse .	a woman taking her own photo from above .	0.2
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	the large europa of today , just as the prosperity , depends on it .	4.250
you 're `` a bunch of cells . ''	i 'm `` a bunch of cells . ''	2.4
large-format cameras are very much worth buying used ; they 're often extremely well-cared-for , if not coddled .	if i had to pick , linhof would be my choice .	0.60
inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .	the peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .	1
there is a difference in electrical states	the terminals are separated by a gap	0.40
fool or hoax ( someone ) .	fool or hoax .	4.250
two dogs playing in the snow .	two kids playing with a dog .	1.20
an animal run in circles .	a squirrel runs in circles .	3.800
justices said that the constitution allows the government to administer drugs only `` in limited circumstances . ''	in a 6-3 ruling , the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in `` limited circumstances . ''	3.500
justice clarence thomas breaks his silencetell the justice that courtesy will not protect citizens rights.get with it !	justice thomas breaks his silence in court	3.6
a physical protuberance , large or small	a natural elevation ( especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea ) .	2.250
a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances .	0.2
the way that a 'term ' is defined depends on the application .	the easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ …is a kind of ” relationship .	0
the launch coincides with the javaone developers ' conference in san francisco this week .	the news also comes in conjunction with suns annual javaone developers conference in san francisco .	3.250
a man is playing flute .	a man is dancing .	0.200
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the rules are comparable only good , let alone .	3.000
a woman pets a dog in a fenced area .	a woman pets a dog in a gated yard .	4.8
how can i remove a really stuck screw ?	how can i remove this screw ?	4
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to europe that we are in a position to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro , in yugoslavia , recognising the real democratic principles .	4.000
a black and white photo of a love seat .	black and white photo of couch with purse at one end .	3.4
on july 22 , moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the u.s. supreme court .	moore of alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation 's highest court .	3.750
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs .	5.000
the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type .	4.2
navy jet crashes into apartment building	u.s. navy jet crashes into virginia apartment buildings	3.6
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we belong to the club , or we are not and we must therefore be packed with this decision .	4.000
egypt 's brotherhood as beleaguered as its leader	egypt 's muslim brotherhood set for mass march	1.8
gray cat looking out the window .	a cat looking out of a window .	4
system of arrangement	an arrangement scheme .	3.750
( cause to ) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace .	0.6
the termination , ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting .	5.000
touch with the lips .	touch with the lips or press the lips ( against someone 's mouth or other body part ) as an expression of love , greeting , etc..	3.000
people with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another .	the common economic activities create peaceful bonds between the people .	4.600
i 'd say it primarily depends on two things :	i 'd say it depends what conditions you have .	2
a woman is slicing a meat .	a woman is singing on stage .	0.250
n korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	n. korea fires short-range missiles	3.40
most christians do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin .	but as a christian , i believe what god 's word tells me .	1.60
a man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .	a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .	4.60
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
galloway township , n.j. annika sorenstam drew the crowds , michelle wie got the publicity but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .	galloway township , n.j. > > annika sorenstam and michelle wie drew the crowds , but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .	4.000
novice 'steered south korea ferry '	south korea ferry captain arrested	2.40
release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition ( perhaps in a metaphorical sense )	release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition .	4.000
faa continues ban on us flights to tel aviv	faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv	1.80
the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something .	0.2
black and white dog running through water .	a tan and white dog runs through water .	3.00
this , the representatives of the úohs must very well know , but their interests are apparently elsewhere .	the course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .	0
russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	russia evacuates embassy in libya after attack	0.20
boris johnson re-elected london mayor	johnson re-elected london mayor	3.8
after a job interview , is it inappropriate if i want to talk to an employee in private ?	when ( if ever ) in the interview process is it appropriate to recommend a colleague ?	2
new low for water levels in the great lakes # drought	water brings new lows on great lakes	4
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery .	bulbs a and b are still in closed paths with the battery	4.80
a white dog runs on a beach .	the white dog is running along the beach .	5.00
us drone strike kills four in north waziristan	suspected drone strike kills 4 in pakistan	2.6
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
a man is seasoning some carrots .	a woman is slicing garlic .	0.800
iran , a large important partner for russia : novak	iran reiterates support for iraq , syria	0
theme ? ppl trying to sell stuff that 's not theirs ... cc : # joydivision # music	lives : we were joy division	0.2
what a dope ( r ) ... nytimes : armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4.2
the author is one of several defense experts expected to testify .	spitz is expected to testify later for the defense .	3.000
a man is opening a package containing headphones .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.000
`` canada is a small country , and it needs companies like this , deals like this . ''	a passionate nationalist , mr. d'alessandro said : `` canada is a small country , and we need more companies like this . ''	3.000
black and white cow standing near pile of snow .	a black and white cow standing in the field .	3.2
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics . these classifications are labeled rank in this frame . the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun .	( biology ) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera ;	2.8
a yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky .	nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke .	1
'betrayed ' disabled workers protest against remploy closures	may day marked by protests against austerity cuts	0.6
four children on stools in a diner .	four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .	3.60
it is not a closed path .	the path is not closed	5.00
the bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion could n't be prosecuted .	a woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .	5.000
ms lafferty 's lawyer , thomas ezzell , told a kentucky newspaper : `` my understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen .	`` my understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen , '' ezzell said .	3.600
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	what is more , the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions .	4.750
from the first discussions on this dossier , which were held at european level at the initiative of the european parliament , the commission has given a commitment to the member states to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a european police culture , grounded in the highest standards of duty , respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime .	since the initial reflections on this issue , which took place at european level at the initiative of the european parliament , the commission is committed towards the member states to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police european culture , focused on the highest standards in the field of ethics , respect for the rights and freedoms of the people , and effectiveness in the fight against crime .	4.200
north korea blocks kaesong access	north korea vows to restart nuclear facilities	1
nato airstrike kills two afghan kids	nato solider dies in afghanistan	1.2
require or need something that is missing	have need of .	3.250
several people on motorcycles in a market square .	people ride mopeds in an urban setting .	1.8
what the what ? ! ? : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . ?	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4.6
the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals on wednesday ruled that an ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .	an ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .	4.200
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster .	4.500
good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that ?	i have two suspicions : one , you 're undercooking your roux , the flour and butter mixture , and not fully incorporating the flour .	0.60
a man is playing a guitar .	a boy is playing a piano .	1.200
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is right that the committee on legal affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a minimum rate which can not be below 7 % .	4.250
six dead in philippine restaurant blast	6 killed in philippines restaurant blast	5
the point you quote should say `` i never said rehabilitation could never work . ''	for the trillionth time , i 've never said rehabilitation does n't work .	3.4
to achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .	the advantage being the less time consumption in comparison to other amateur methods .	0
british nobel-winning author doris lessing dies	nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies	4.20
glue underlayment to concrete : how long does it take to cure ?	how long should it take concrete to fully cure ?	3
police clash with youth in cairo after anti-morsi protest	egypt : police clash with pro-morsi protesters	2.80
i do n't think it makes any tremendous difference .	i do n't think it makes much difference .	4
a woman is powdering her face .	the woman is tapping her fingers on the table .	0.800
both components need to be in closed paths .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	3.80
the primary focus of systematic dialectics is syn chronic , not dia chronic .	thus , meta - system - atic dialectic is diachronico - synchronic dialectic .	2.2
if you 're doing a full body workout 6 days a week , you absolutely need the rest week .	there are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest .	2.60
it is santorini .	according to google image , it should be santorini .	3.8025
a black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera .	there is a black and white sheep standing on the grass .	0.2
she 's on line here but has n't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's our nation 's laws to follow all of leviticus .	do n't you follow , and want our laws to follow all of leviticus ?	2.80
strayhorn said it was the first time in texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act .	in a news release thursday , strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget .	3.200
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions .	4.400
a man is exercising .	a girl is exercising .	3.000
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations , the preparation process and the special session in september 2001 .	4.600
chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape	son of chinese army singers gets 10 years ' jail for gang rape	3.4
it is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly .	adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils .	0.60
nytimes : how to get america online - excellent op-ed by on regulating the big isps	op-ed contributor : how to get high-speed internet to all americans	1.4
birthday of dprk to be celebrated in peru	curiosity rover celebrates 1 year on mars	0.40
consumer groups are against the changes , saying they hurt individuality in markets .	consumer groups oppose the changes , saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires .	3.600
the black dog is lying in the grass .	a black dog lies on the grass .	5
a person is peeling a potato .	a cat is licking a small bottle .	0.000
i did n't say we had gotten soft since / rand .	i said you had gotten soft .	1.2
a black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .	a man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .	3.60
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written .	such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the european constitution .	4.750
that is the real purpose behind so-called `` free trade . ''	that 's the bread and butter of `` entrepreneurialism '' !	1.50
a black , brown and white dog running through a field .	a white and brown dog runs in a field .	2.83
problem is , the system does n't account for people who could care less about money , or title .	the joker does n't care about money .	1
as part of a restructuring peregrine sold its remedy help desk software unit last year to bmc software inc .	peregrine sold its remedy business unit to bmc software in november for $ 355 million .	3.000
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	on top of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	4.500
india ink : woman raped by seven men in punjab , police say : police said sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...	india ink : woman raped by seven men in punjab , india , police say	3.8
the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense , the less you will hear of this case .	the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us .	0.00
five kittens are eating out of five dishes .	kittens are eating food on trays .	2.750
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron .	4.5
a man is eating a food .	a man is eating a piece of bread .	3.400
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the activity of protecting someone or something .	0
the terminal is connected to a negative terminal .	there is no gap between the terminals	1.00
artley : getting 10 million twitter followers	how to get 10 million followers on twitter	4
2 dead in bangladesh clashes over jamaat leader ’ s execution	bangladesh islamist leader executed	2
un security council hears yemen envoy 's final ...	un security council urges yemen 's houthis to end ...	2
the act of allowing , bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something .	0.6
the brown and black dog sprints across the snow .	a black dog is running quickly along the ground .	2.80
obama moves to fill fed board , taps fischer to be no . 2	obama voices willingness to talk with gop on budget	0.40
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .	economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .	4.500
head of cia resigns over affair	hall of fame beckons for capriati	0
justice thomas has n't said a single word in the supreme court in 7 years.he broke his silence.he said `` well he did not ''	justice thomas breaks his silence in court	3.8
boosting your # flu shot response with # exercise	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency	4.6
new mutations discovered in # melanoma useful in decoding how it develops . # cancer	new mutations discovered in melanomas	3.6
a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the texas or louisiana coasts by monday night .	a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico on sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the louisiana coast monday night .	4.000
kyle stanley gained from pain of squandered lead at torrey pins : kyle stanley this week is back at torrey pines , ...	kyle stanley gained from pain of squandered lead at torrey pines	4
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre .	trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north .	3.400
5 killed in s china road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in china earthquake	1.20
sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column . what a life . nytimes : dear abby dies at 94	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	3.2
blair 's government included the charge that saddam sought uranium from niger in a september 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action .	britain included the accusation in a september 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in iraq .	3.000
mursi takes oath of office , becomes egyptian president	morsi to take oath as first egypt civilian president	3.8
thank you very much , commissioner .	thank you very much , mister the police chief .	4.200
two red buses driving in front of a garden .	train pulling into a station .	0
a woman is brushing some shrimp .	a woman brushes some shrimp .	5.000
veteran entertainer bob hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on thursday .	hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer bob hope 's 100th birthday on thursday .	3.750
argentine guillermo coria and netherlander martin verkerk are in the other half .	the other semifinal between guillermo coria of argentina and martin verkerk of the netherlands is also compelling .	3.000
a woman is reading a lifestyle magazine .	a woman is slicing a meat into pieces .	0.500
to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors , which could only mean that blacks are inferior .	to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior .	3.20
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.60
pak religious body endorses underage marriage	cii endorses underage marriage	3
storage cabinet furniture	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order .	3.500
after u.s. threat , north korea turns ire on south # military # skorea # nkorea # us # politics	after threats against u.s. , north korea turns ire to south	4
bulb terminals 3 and 4	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	0.60
interestingly , both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining `` sleeping '' protesters out of building .	why would walker 's cronies reject an offer to order the `` sleeping protesters '' out of the capitol ?	2.20
matt smith quits bbc‚äôs doctor who	matt smith quits bbc 's doctor who	5.00
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .	1.200
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins .	2.750
photo of a television screen showing a movie .	the wall-mounted flat-screen tv is showing a movie .	3.2
rallies demand 'justice for trayvon '	across us , people rally for 'justice for trayvon '	4
the dogs are playing in the snow .	two dogs playing on the shore .	1.80
calvin hollins jr. 's attorney , thomas royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated e2 .	the lawyer for hollins jr. , thomas royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated e2 .	4.500
a cat is trying to touch a dog .	the cat teased the dog by touching his head .	3.250
a man dries his hands .	a woman fixes her hair .	0.250
a person plays a keyboard .	someone is playing a keyboard .	5.000
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	d ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment .	3.000
make fit for a specific purpose	provide with ( something ) usually for a specific purpose .	4
( parliament accepted the oral amendment )	( parliament accepts the oral amendment )	5.000
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the former version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call `` the envy dollar ) only become more pénétrante .	4.500
china stocks open higher wednesday	us stocks open higher despite gdp miss	0.8
that package included increases to both the city 's sales and income taxes .	he also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package .	2.000
daannngg ! ? : lance armstrong tells oprah he couldn ? t have won 7 tour de france titles without doping ?	armstrong stripped of olympic medal	1
they have not been that according to the opposition .	if members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed , not elected .	1
the soft padding under a saddle	a soft pad placed under a saddle .	5.000
the man is playing the drums .	a man pours cleaner in his sink .	0.000
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s .	a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno 's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry 's archives .	2.6
a brown dog is walking on the grass .	a dog chases another by a tree .	1.20
hurt , feel physical pain	feel physical pain .	4.000
3 suspected extremists were released on bail .	1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail .	2.4
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	in fact , it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another , because the different definitions currently used in the member states all are quite adequate .	4.600
printed version of electronic data from a computer	( computer science ) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper .	4.2
a man is taking some math classes .	a man is rinsing a steak .	0.000
the methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .	this is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .	5
terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4.60
us drone strike kills 5 militants in pakistan	u.s. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in yemen	1.8
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress .	3.6
how can i help my dog adjust to a move ?	how do i help my dog adjust after moving ?	5
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( 5 / 2000 )	3.400
where were the `` tea partiers '' in late '08 ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ?	but where were the public tea parties ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ?	2.47
the mexican gun-tablet exchange ...	video shows fiery copter wreckage	0
elegant dining room with wood furniture .	an elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .	3.8
turkish pm , president clash over reply to protests	turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests	2.60
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	thus , it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee , so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied by the college in their discussion on the basis of article 299 , paragraph 2 , a fiche d'impact detailed .	4.000
no plan to shut petrol pumps at night moily	india govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night	3.8
the man is playing the guitar .	the cat cleaned his face with his paw .	0.000
revenues for `` the hulk '' came in well below those of last month 's marvel comics adaptation , `` x2 : x-men united , '' which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .	the hulk trailed last month 's marvel comics adaptation , x2 : x-men united , which grossed $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend .	4.800
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed .	4.000
the battery is in an open path to the bulb .	the battery is in an open path	3.40
have faith in , bet on	have faith or confidence in .	4.250
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a ( possibly unexpressed ) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle .	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back ; usually is capable of being opened	1.4
sex abuse common , but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans a pedophile in plain sight	opinion : at poly prep , a pedophile in plain sight	2
moore had no immediate comment tuesday .	moore did not have an immediate response tuesday .	4.778
a woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .	a woman stands in front of a building in the snow .	4.4
at least 38 morsi supporters die in clashes	dozens of morsi supporters killed in egypt clashes	3.6
the act of dividing or disconnecting .	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting .	0.6
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected	3.20
heather , 35 , who lost a leg in a road accident , is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips , which would make natural childbirth impossible .	former model lady mccartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult .	2.400
a man puts seasoning in a bowl of water .	the man added seasoning to water in a bowl .	5.000
the man sat in his chair and stared .	the little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail .	0.000
university of michigan president mary sue coleman said in a statement on the university 's web site , `` our fundamental values have n't changed .	`` our fundamental values have n't changed , '' mary sue coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in ann arbor .	4.000
abvp protesters clash with police at jantar mantar , throw stones	protesters clash with police at jantar mantar , 5 people detained	2.8
the person lit the cameras on fire .	a person is blow torching cameras .	3.333
india braces for massive cyclone	india issues red alert for cyclone phailin	2.8
armstrong steps down from livestrong	armstrong standing down from livestrong	4.6
mold for casting , setting concrete	a mold for setting concrete .	4.250
physical matter left behind after a removal process	matter that remains after something has been removed .	5.000
people sitting on the porch .	people sitting on acouch .	1.4
a pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate .	a pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth .	1.4
red double decker bus driving down a street .	a double decker bus on a city street .	4.2
bribe , make payments to in exchange for benefits	obtain by purchase ; acquire by means of a financial transaction .	2
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but as the european union itself , and it will build it .	3.750
un court convicts 6 bosnian croats of atrocities	un war crimes court convicts six bosnians croats	4
a black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .	a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .	2.20
`` but that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians , and that is not what we 're seeing . ''	`` but that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . ''	3.400
inspiring article by chelsea clinton about volunteering this saturday - national day of service	clinton : we can make a difference	1.6
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin	strike ( the top part of a ball in golf , baseball , or pool ) giving it a forward spin .	4.8
how long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?	how long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid ?	3
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	but the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap .	4.250
save from an experience , action or harm	save or relieve from an experience or action .	4
annoy , harass , or mock , perhaps playfully .	mock or make fun of playfully .	4.250
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .	contribute to the progress or growth of .	4.85
cgg - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in nepal -	30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in nepal	5
get rid of as if with water ( metaphorical )	get rid of as if by submerging .	3
in the weeks leading up to the execution , several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters , accompanied by rifle bullets .	3.500
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb .	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.20
start suddenly , as if from fright	start suddenly , as from fright .	5.000
social sphere , scope of activity or interest	a particular environment or walk of life .	1.000
the girl is riding the horse .	the girl is spraying the plants with water .	0.200
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure , not bernanke .	5.000
make a map of ; show or establish the features or details of ; explore or survey for the purposes of making a map .	make a map of ; show or establish the features of details of .	3.750
a man is holding up and talking about a gray you tube t-shirt .	a man is showing a t shirt .	2.750
jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .	jury nullification means a law is n't constitutional ?	3.6
the act of moving , turning something	the act of removing or getting rid of something .	0.4
you seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions .	people are responsible for their actions .	1.6
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally .	5.000
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with the employees , and european competitiveness and growth will regress .	4.500
the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation .	the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing .	3.6
thai protests escalate amid violence	thai protesters call general strike	3
a gap causes a lost connection	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	3.00
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	to explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .	2
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something .	0
3 dead , 27 injured in sw china accident	35 dead and 165 missing in india boat accident	0.4
there must be a balance as a whole .	all must be balanced .	4.800
sliding down the ice , moriarty and carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .	sliding down the embankment , the two rescuers hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .	3.400
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	it has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .	5.000
egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	labor ministry announcement due on monday	0.00
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee	a black and white dog jumping in a yard .	3.40
he told the jury stubbs is a `` cold , calculating killer . ''	district attorney dave lupas reminded jurors that stubbs is , `` a cold , calculating killer '' .	3.000
a man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set .	a man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .	4.80
but the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned martinez did not violate his fifth amendment rights in doing so .	but the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned mr martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his fifth amendment rights .	3.750
its first application was in the smart information retrieval system .	it was used in the first time in the smart information retrieval system .	5
% how much money does pp take in for abortion services ?	how much is spent on abortions services ?	2.6
bulb a was still in a closed path	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch x .	3.60
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is rightly that the legal committee persists in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be lower than 7 % .	4.600
someone is mixing ingrediants .	someone is sewing things .	0.250
a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain .	a man and woman is dancing in the rain .	2.600
my opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .	my opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this .	4.80
a young boy is holding a guitar .	a little boy is playing a guitar .	2.750
not a constitutional issue .	again , this is not a constitutional issue .	4.4
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	yet the us courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may .	4.000
its keywords are supported by chinese language web portals .	chinese language web portals also support 3721 keywords , the web site said .	3.200
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	it is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda .	5.000
we think they have the right to choose .	`` we think peoplesoft customers deserve the right to choose , '' ellison said .	3.000
situate , position , come to rest	settle into a position , usually on a surface or ground .	3.4
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the task , which is however capital , did not arouse an lively interest on behalf of the public yet .	3.750
a man pours oil into a pot .	a man pours wine in a pot .	3.200
google gains from creating apps for the # iphone # healthit # hcsm	google gains from creating apps for the opposition	4
so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly , chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion .	the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine , not the other way around .	3.40
an amtrak passenger train waiting at a station .	a passenger train waiting in a station .	4
a man puts a knife in a vice .	a man is dancing .	0.250
obama coming 'to listen ' to israel , palestinians	kerry welcomes arab plan for israeli-palestinian talks	0.8
senator schumer says he ? s satisfied with chuck hagel on the mideast . his endorsement should settle that issue .	schumer says he ? s satisfied with hagel on mideast	4
more than 1,000 inmates escape from libya 's al-kweifiya prison	1000 prisoners escape from libyan jail	4.4
gusmao consolidates power in east timor elections	supreme court possibilities if romney wins election	0
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	what he has done without the initiative goes very far .	3.400
a person is folding a square paper piece .	a man is folding paper .	3.250
a brown and white dog is running through the snow .	a brown and white dog is running on the grass .	2.40
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	the western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings .	5.000
us seeks to reassure wary gulf allies over iran deal	hagel seeks to reassure jittery gulf allies after iran deal	4.00
a person is slicing onions .	a person is peeling an onion .	2.600
government of canada supports montréal women leading change	government of canada supports women 's safety in regina	1.6
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	if c is damaged , a and b are still in a closed path	3.60
some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $ 10 $ , but also for $ 6 $ , so that 's mixed support from wikipedia on perfect numbers .	this is indeed possible , but i have n't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility .	0.00
@ lustig andrei , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?	@ edgarblythe , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?	4.4
'israeli ' arrested in yemen mossad spy	israeli forces detain 2 in hebron arrest raid	1.6
us drone strike kills 5 militants in pakistan	drone strike kills four suspected militants in pakistan	3
u.s factory orders down 0.7 pct in january	german factory orders rebound in january	0.80
how can i replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?	how can i replace a ceiling fan with a regular light fixture ?	1
each circuit must have a connection .	there is a complete circuit	1.40
coty launches $ 10 billion bid for rival avon	coty bids $ 10 billion for avon	4.6
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy .	4.750
van der sloot to marry in prison	joran van der sloots plans to get married in peru prison	4
india bans bulk texts after riots	tunisia lifts curfew after riots	0.8
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs .	4.800
ona explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in bali .	`` but at no stage did ona receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in bali . ''	4.250
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the old version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call `` 's desire dollar '' ) will become more pervasive .	5.000
a women sitting in a chair at christmas holding make up .	a train sitting on the tracks in a train yard .	0
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a development which made capital borrowed heavily dependent .	3.400
some believe the 'right ' is most important .	some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important .	1.2
a negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something .	0.6
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .	2.40
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something .	3
you 'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed .	if you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it .	3.00
an orangutan is riding a bus .	a monkey is riding on a bus .	3.600
alter by chemical means , to make images .	make visible by means of chemical solutions .	3.250
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of retaining something .	0.2
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	the gay and other practices `` modern '' are rejected , because nombrilistes .	3.500
the act of purchasing back something previously sold .	the act of starting something .	0.2
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are unemployed , tired and disappointed .	4.750
the findings appear in wednesday 's journal of the american medical association ( news - web sites ) .	the results are to be published in wednesday 's issue of the journal of the american medical association .	3.500
thieves snatch english channel swimmer 's custom-made wheelchair	thieves steal channel swimmer 's wheelchair	4
a man is kicking pots of water .	a man is picking flowers .	0.400
do i need to apply for a uk transit visa when i have a visitor visa ?	do i need a uk airside transit visa , if i already have a uk visitor visa ?	4
penn state football players react to sanctions	penn state football slammed with ncaa sanctions	2.4
sony said the psp would also feature a 4.5-inch lcd screen , memory stick expansion slots .	it also features a 4.5 in back-lit lcd screen and memory expansion facilities .	2.750
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad has an influence , not destabilizing bernanke .	4.750
two people holding hands and walking in a field .	two men walking past a mural of a car .	1.20
gunmen kill nine people in northwest pakistan	gunmen kill 3 policemen in iraq	0.4
meat is dropped into a pan .	a woman is putting meat in a pan .	3.250
there are two things to consider :	there are two possible causes for this :	4
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	it is our priority for the assertion of fundamental rights is in political choices .	4.200
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i wish to take the protection of workers of the sector .	4.750
a man is traveling in a boat .	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife .	0.000
demand , ask for , or take as one 's due	demand as being one 's due or property ; assert one 's right or title to .	4.000
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences .	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences .	4.2
the key to dynamic programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .	in general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .	4
a boy is playing with a toy .	a boy plays a handheld game .	3.000
nytimes : robot makers say automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs	robot makers spread global gospel of automation	2.6
someone touched the kitten chewing on a string .	someone is cutting paper .	0.250
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	4.909
page said it 's also possible that genes on the y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .	he added that genes on the y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .	4.400
the legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation hewlett-packard co. may be bidding for the company .	the legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in rim 's stock over speculation that pc giant hewlett-packard co. may be bidding for the company .	3.600
and yes , marilyn monroe is definitely part of the story , titled `` arthur miller , elia kazan and the blacklist : none without sin . ''	note the subheading of this terrible parable in the `` american masters '' series , `` arthur miller , elia kazan and the blacklist : none without sin . ''	2.600
there are now 37 active probable cases in the gta , compared with 70 cases on june 6 .	and , globally , the number of active probable cases has declined to 573 .	1.500
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something .	0.2
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	users will be the losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth régresseront .	4.000
so was edie falco , the critically praised co-star of `` frankie and johnny . ''	edie falco was not nominated for `` frankie and johnny . ''	2.400
lots of luck , she will get through this phase !	also , assuming the whole thing is a sham..	0.20
at least 66 killed in bomb blasts in iraq	at least 47 killed in baquba blasts	2.2
there was a closed circuit	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
red cross worker killed in pakistan	kidnapped uk aid worker killed in pakistan	2.2
the battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	3.60
the man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop .	a man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table .	4.8
and the simple fact today ?	i repeat : and the simple fact today ?	4
we 're all human , no more death please ! another tibetan sets himself on fire , dies to protest chinese rule	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule	4.2
release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition ( perhaps in a metaphorical sense )	release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition .	4.4
a woman beats two eggs in a bowl .	a person is mixing ingredients in a bowl .	3.000
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i stress this point because the market can not solve all and , in this sense , there can not be any competition without limits .	4.750
a group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen .	a group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse .	1
who can most can say the least .	not many .	0
a group of horses grazing in a field .	group of horses grazing in grassy field .	4.8
we always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine .	we had a cat that required daily medication , and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill .	1.40
bulb a is contain in a closed path	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	3.60
ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders .	support on the back and shoulders .	3.2
a train rides on his tracks .	the train comes down the track , between two rows of trees .	3
the act of appraising , critiquing something	the act of catching an object with the hands .	0.4
a woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .	the man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .	0.00
remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping .	4.4
put under the control of the federal government	put under the control and authority of a federal government .	4.750
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran .	after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia 's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran .	3.2
blast kills 10 young girls in eastern afghanistan	blast kills nine in southern afghanistan : officials	2.8
seamus heaney , irish poet of soil and strife , dies at 74	seamus heaney , irish poet and nobel winner , dies at 74	4.80
protesters topple lenin statue in kiev	ukraine protesters topple lenin statue in kiev	4.40
australian pm kevin rudd calls election for 7 september	australian pm rudd calls sept. 7 poll	4.60
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil .	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia .	3.4
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain .	devoted ( sometimes fanatically ) to a cause or concept or truth ;	0
give an incentive or reason for action .	give an incentive for action .	4.2
it depends entirely on your company and your contract .	i guess it depends on the nature of your contract .	4
from broadway comedies like `` the seven year itch '' ( 1952 ) , `` will success spoil rock hunter ? ''	playwright george axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with the seven year itch and will success spoil rock hunter ?	2.000
remove the pod , husk or shell	remove the husks from .	4.000
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .	3.8
one boy is pushing another boy on a swing .	a boy is pushing another boy on the swings .	4.80
other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .	many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	4
iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts '	iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility	3.60
no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated .	how do regulatory agencies become `` deregulated ? ''	1.67
egypt swears in new interim leader	egypt army cracks down on brotherhood	0.6
all depends on it , `` he says .	all lies with it , `` he says .	3
they offered up private solutions , good ones , ones that do n't increase taxes on anyone .	neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone .	0.50
crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom .	a group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .	4
driving on an icy road and wrecking is n't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people .	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people .	3
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	this is our priority struggle for the affirmation of fundamental rights has found expression in political choices .	4.000
cause animals to move	pursue for food or sport ( as of wild animals ) .	1.250
ukraine 's opposition chief wants more protests	ukraine protesters topple lenin statue	2.40
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else	a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another .	4.2
a man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air .	a man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .	0.00
dear abby , dies at 94 . dear abby : are birth control pills deductible ? bertie dear bertie : only if they don ? t work .	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	2.8
licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .	license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	4.000
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
nato condemns ukraine crackdown	thai bonds best in region	0.00
a man is singing into a microphone .	a man is dancing in the rain .	0.400
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a trumpet .	1.714
three men posing in a tent .	three men eating in a kitchen .	1.2
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	to be moslem and be islamiste are two different things .	5.000
during 2001 and 2002 , morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of beacon hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .	wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .	4.750
6.8 quake strikes off solomon islands	magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off solomon islands : usgs	3.2
we should start a sequence of these threads ; - ) .	we should have monuments for him .	0.40
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , the indigenous all-ijaw accused chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of warri .	4.600
venezuela 's chavez in cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	venezuelan leader returning to cuba for treatment	3.2
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of troubling or annoying someone .	3.500
two dogs and one cat sitting on couch .	two dogs and a cat resting on a couch .	4.6
an imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short .	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection .	4.8
a young boy climbing on a rock wall	five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .	0.00
find the solution to or understand the meaning of	find the solution to ( a problem or question ) or understand the meaning of .	5.000
men are playing soccer .	two teams play soccer .	3.000
it is also called the posterior probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of b .	it is also called the subsequent probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of b .	3
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i find it a little strange to now obliging the commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance .	4.400
what makes india vote ? jaipur lit fest debates	what makes india vote ? debate at jaipur literature festival	5
how would martin not know that that was not the case ?	how would martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions ?	2.4
amgen shares gained 93 cents , or 1.45 percent , to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on nasdaq .	shares of allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the new york stock exchange .	1.333
care about , be bothered by , be concerned by	be offended or bothered by ; take offense with , be bothered by .	3.750
two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them .	red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden .	3.4
world cup live : france 0-0 germany	world cup live : germany 0-0 ghana	1.40
`` i feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , '' said mckechnie .	the people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , '' mckechnie said .	4.400
schroeder cancelled his italian holiday after stefani refused to apologise for the slurs , which came after berlusconi compared a german politician to a nazi concentration camp guard .	stefani 's remarks further stoked tension after italian prime minister silvio berlusconi last week compared a german member of the european parliament to a nazi concentration camp guard .	3.000
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.20
thins just do n't add up just when north korea successfully lunched a rocket now america allows this . or am i ...	how america 's top general came to endorse women in combat	0
gainer said the two staff aides are `` very sorry this all happened , '' and the security personnel had performed `` well within standards . ''	the security personnel performed `` well within standards '' and the two staff aides were `` very sorry all this happened , '' gainer said .	5.000
microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul	5.00
texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast	residents return to texas blast site	2.6
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else .	4.4
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .	contribute to the progress or growth of .	4.85
look at or observe something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone .	0.4
nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery	nigerian mp charged with accepting $ 3m bribe	3.4
a man and a woman are smiling .	a man and a woman laughing .	3.20
coronation street 's bill roache arrested	coronation street stars hail 'amazing ' new set	1.20
a white bicycle stands on a floor .	old style bicycle parked on floor .	3.4
n korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	n. korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch	4.2
people are playing cricket .	men are playing cricket .	3.200
a black dog is running in the grass .	a boy running through green grass .	1.00
security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign # itsecurity # cyberspy	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign	3.8
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight .	4.500
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are rather present .	4.250
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would also have liked the report of the court of auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example , one or two recommendations per chapter .	5.000
sensex down 193 points on budget blues	romney wo n't volunteer budget differences	1
`` bright but scatterbrained '' becomes `` treat with drugs '' .	`` opinionated and stubborn '' becomes treat with drugs '' .	2.2
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	it is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices .	4.800
since it is a formal theorem , bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .	as a formal theorem , bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .	5
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally	preserve with sugar .	2.000
at least 22 dead after china earthquake	at least 89 dead in china earthquakes	2.80
economic term : raise economic demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices to experience reflation	economics : raise demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices , after a period of deflation .	4.8
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something .	0.8
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	gays and other practices `` modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred .	4.250
the act of arriving at a certain place	the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts .	0.8
the people got off the train .	the people got off the train at the station .	4.000
a golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth .	a black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .	2.40
the electrical state for the bulb terminal and the battery terminal will have a charge of 0 if connected so if the charge is anything that isn '' t 0 v , there is a gap at that bulb	a non-zero voltage means that there is a gap	4
we have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the czech mobile operators .	the problem is that the commercial state of all czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .	1
bulb c is in its own pathway	bulb c is in a separate path	4.80
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman dances in the rain out side .	5.000
thai junta amasses security force to smother bangkok protests	thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle	1.80
a black and white cow in a pen with hay .	a black and white cat lies in the dirt .	0.4
a skier is falling into the snow .	a skier is falling face first into the snow .	4.00
a woman holds a kangaroo .	a man in a hat sings a song .	0.000
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships .	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes .	4
obama-backed gun bills a long shot . `` this is one issue that me and the president happen to agree on . ''	reform is a long shot in current congress	0.4
yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .	valid reasons to feel the way you do , but not a reason to resign .	2
in probability theory , bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	in probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by bayes ' theorem .	4
a black and white dog is running through the field .	a black and white dog is running in the grass .	4.80
make or be a summary	be a summary of .	4.500
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .	then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies .	4.750
us gov't officially designates haqqani network as terrorists	us designates haqqani network as terrorists	4.4
an entity undergoes some change ( the event ) that is ( or is construed as ) punctual . ( this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited . )	affect or afflict suddenly , usually adversely ;	0.6
a small boy is building with some wooden blocks .	a small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .	4.00
get it together sun ( # oracle ) ! homeland security warns users to disable java . # cybersecurity	disruptions : u.s. agency warns of java software problem	3.4
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of slaughter of the entire herd has been implemented and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon .	3.800
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves .	4.500
the man is throwing knives at a tree .	a man is throwing blades into a close target outside .	3.000
a man plays the flute .	a man is playing a flute .	5.000
a dog is stealing food from a refrigerator .	the dog took something out of the refrigerator .	3.200
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to press for latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people .	4.500
a dog runs through the grass .	a dog runs through the snow .	2.20
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek minority in himara make it more imperative the need to promote measures for democratisation , strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	5.000
the redesigned finder also features search , coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for mac , windows and unix file servers .	it also supports coloured labels to better organise documents , and dynamic browsing of the network for mac , windows and unix file servers .	3.000
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly	cause to appear in a new form .	1.6
yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over .	there 's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the super over .	4.20
zoo worker dies after tiger attack	indian-origin teacher dies after attack in new zealand	0.40
disruptions : design rivals technology in importance : nice quotes !	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward	3.4
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point is the fact that we have started category four , with his approach , but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem , particularly because the council does not wish to participate in the discussion .	4.200
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
president ? if she wants it	president hillary clinton ? if she wants it	3.4
the project of the motorway happened just when the girl the most famous of eatonville had recovered its appeal .	the project of the motorway happened just when the most famous girl of eatonville had recovered her appeal .	4
colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist 's care	doctor treating aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand	2.4
do you know who benefits from profits ?	do you know who shareholders are ?	2.40
a young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her .	a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .	3.4
make coincide in time or operation	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner .	4
umm , that pretty clearly states , `` the statute is presumed constitutional . ''	and until they decide that , `` the statute is presumed constitutional . ''	2.6
the act of coming to rest after a voyage .	the act of coming to land after a voyage .	5.000
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace .	and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often , none of that seems to matter once they 've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine .	3.20
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , the indigenous people all-ijaw accused chevron to incite violence against them and to pay nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the warri naval base .	4.800
it does n't take into account any information about b , so it is `` prior '' .	however an object can not be cast to a class which is no relative of it .	0
as per fifa 's `` equipment regulations '' , section 22 , only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap .	although headgear is allowed to be worn , it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper .	2.40
`` i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they do n't want to do . ''	as cruel as it sound , i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone .	1.83
if switches x and z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb a	there is still a closed path containing switch z , switch x , bulbs a and c and the battery	3.00
a person is slicing an onion .	a person cuts ginger .	1.400
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't .	you have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demands you can live with .	0
conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either .	obviously you 're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests .	0.20
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	but that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help .	5.000
boy and white dog running in grassy field	a boy and a dog running on grass	4.40
the right-wing camp is intact , it is only inside the party that voters have become more aware , more critical and more stubborn .	the right-wing camp is intact , only party that voters have become more aware , more critical and more stubborn .	4
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	it is not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures , especially on this point than we tabled amendments .	4.400
what point are you trying to relay ?	what are you trying to say ?	5.00
four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .	a group of people sit at a table in an italian restaurant .	3
he later learned that the incident was caused by the concorde 's sonic boom .	he later found out the alarming incident had been caused by concorde 's powerful sonic boom .	5.000
a person is slicing an onion .	a solenodon is walking along the ground .	0.000
schrecklich ! 😢 “ : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire ”	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	2.8
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	firstly , the simplification and clarification of the treaties .	5.000
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .	0.889
woman killed by falling debris	when an ally declines	0
compared dna from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from india & brazil shows similar variations .	global update : a genetic link found for victims of lethal form of leishmaniasis	2.2
the man is singing and playing the guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	3.000
his lawyer , pamela mackey , said bryant expects to be completely exonerated .	`` mr. bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , '' mackey said in a statement .	3.800
it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization .	the agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority .	3.400
china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan	0.8
yes , america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming , but then who does ?	then , that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases .	1.67
man who set himself on fire on national mall has died	man sets himself on fire on national mall , flown to hospital	3.00
china to resume us investment talks	china and taiwan hold historic talks	0.8
the correct answer can be computed using bayes ' theorem .	bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .	1
a woman cuts a pineapple .	a woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces .	4.000
nationally , the federal centers for disease control and prevention recorded 4,156 cases of west nile , including 284 deaths .	there were 293 human cases of west nile in indiana in 2002 , including 11 deaths statewide .	1.667
someone is holding a hedgehog .	a onion is being sliced .	0.000
a soldier was killed monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern iraq .	on sunday , a u.s. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern iraq .	2.000
cool stuff : 6 trends we saw at ces 2013 -	6 trends from ces 2013	4.6
a woman is dancing .	a man breaks a stick .	0.000
a cat is playing the piano .	a cat is licking its paw .	0.250
a computer-generated visual image	an image that is generated by a computer .	5.000
bulbs b and c will still be on closed paths with the battery	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.40
bread lasts longer out of the refrigerator .	storing bread in the freezer you can store for several days and keep it soft .	3.9738
ride ( a bicycle or motorcycle )	ride a motorcycle .	4.500
peter lyman and hal varian of berkeley 's school of information management and systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .	that task appealed to two masters of the megabyte , peter lyman and hal varian , professors at the university of california-berkeley 's school of information management and systems .	2.000
new jersey school bans hugging	us school bans hugging	3.6
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment-related , reprocessing or heavy water-related activities .	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapons delivery systems .	3.2
there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .	there were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .	4.600
you need to make up your mind .	you need to polish up on your logic skills .	0.6
a man is drawing a picture .	a person is drawing .	3.600
you do n't need any visa .	you do n't have to worry .	0
a man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .	a man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine .	3
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud .	2.80
a man is playing a guitar .	a man plays the guitar .	5.000
a key figure in former state treasurer paul silvester 's bribery scheme was accused wednesday of changing his story about silvester 's alleged corrupt dealings with a boston investment firm .	a key player in former state treasurer paul silvester 's corruption scheme testified on tuesday about kickbacks and bribes silvester traded for state business .	2.000
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it .	unfortunately the final objective of a european constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not approve it .	4.800
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.80
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .	4
a baby is crawling happily .	a baby sneezed and scared another baby .	1.200
a common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round .	white fish are , as a rule , more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish .	1.40
once you open it up to toxins , the answer is clearly no , boiling is not enough .	boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill .	3.20
the statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in august .	the unemployment rate in san joaquin county dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from august .	2.000
us government shutdown begins - live updates	government shutdown begins over health care feud	3.20
the man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain .	a person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .	2.40
a man rides off on a motorcycle .	a man is riding on a motorcycle .	4.400
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is right that the european union is it entails , and do so quickly .	3.750
become pregnant .	become pregnant ; undergo conception .	4.000
a person is folding a piece of paper .	someone is folding a piece of paper .	4.667
wikileaks begins publishing two million syria emails	wikileaks releasing trove of syria documents	3.4
in general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster .	for completeness , apple 's pages has quite a few nice poster layouts .	0.60
a girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	a young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .	0.40
a stovetop , cooking appliance	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food .	3.750
`` yes , we have a serious problem .	`` we have made great progress .	0
any advice would be more than welcome .	i would suggest that a few more than `` nobody '' cared .	0.80
to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of a crime .	0.2
putin casts ballot as russians vote	putin to win russia 's presidential election	1.4
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done .	but just as the european union itself , and that it will be done .	4.250
the aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements .	the annual report is to identify such potential improvements .	4.800
two dogs are running on the grass .	two dogs running in the dirt	3.60
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have .	they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin .	2.60
u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan	pakistan drone strike kills up to six	3
two women are on a couch .	two women are hugging on a couch .	3.200
the fines are part of failed republican efforts to force or entice the democrats to return .	perry said he backs the senate 's efforts , including the fines , to force the democrats to return .	2.800
z stalked him down , then shot him .	you claimed zimmerman `` stalked him down , then shot him `` .	3
cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	in cairo camps , protesters dig in and live on	3.60
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe .	5.000
despicable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	4.4
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	however , the americans have accused that lower 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may .	3.250
obtain from a storage device , as of information on a computer .	obtain or retrieve from a storage device ; as of information on a computer .	4.8
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected .	4
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it suits that the european union is implied and that it makesit rapidly .	3.000
123 killed in fighting in northern syria	many killed in syrian air strike	3
how do i increase the height of a sliding glass door lock ?	how do i measure a standard sliding glass door ?	1
a pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .	a boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .	3.40
`` in so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history , '' bush said .	surrounded by singers from harlem , bush said : ''the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history .	4.250
do better in a competition ; win	come out better in a competition , race , or conflict .	4.000
the value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .	each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .	1
a detention center for prisoners or drunks	a cell for violent prisoners .	2.2
a woman is deveining shrimp .	a man is dancing in rain .	0.000
a gorilla is playing the drums .	a monkey is playing drums .	3.333
a man is tying his shoe .	a man ties his shoe .	5.000
zen report : ai n't easy being high maintenance	russian meteorite leaves building gaping open	0
suicide bomb kills 4 , injures 13 in pakistan	twitter blocks content in pakistan	0.00
graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address .	later tuesday , graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term .	3.333
a person is frying meat in a pan .	a person is holding a skunk .	0.750
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima .	the problem is us , through and through .	0.00
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language . a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist .	make a proposal , declare a plan for something ;	1.6
gains in financial stocks push up european equities	british christians take complaints to european court	0
a cat is drinking milk .	a kitten is drinking milk .	4.000
adherence to moral principles	adhering to moral principles .	5.000
a battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	3.60
cause or become accessible state , make or become available	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to .	1.8
guatemala arrests software guru john mcafee	held in guatemala , software guru mcafee fights deportation	3.4
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we belong to the club , or let us not be we and we thus should be folded with this decision .	4.200
three children playing in snow .	three children playing in hay	2.40
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman is adding oil to a dish .	0.250
the foremost part of something	the greatest possible degree of something .	2.6
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version .	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .	4.4
smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and suv carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants , said pinal county sheriff roger vanderpool .	people in a van opened fire on a pickup and suv believed to be transporting illegal immigrants , said pinal county sheriff roger vanderpool .	3.167
egyptians vote on divisive constitution	egyptians vote on constitution change	4
i 'm open minded and i just do n't take things as personally as others do .	i 'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far .	0.00
sign language maybe , since there is no tone to convey meaning , emotion or intent .	it is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages .	2.20
paging orval faubus : `` oregon sheriff : 'unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced '' # guncontrol # newtown	sheriff wo n't enforce 'unconstitutional ' gun laws	3.8
representatives for puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment wednesday .	puretunes representatives could not be located thursday to comment on the suit .	3.250
a man is fishing in the river .	a man is singing while walking down the sidewalk .	0.800
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon .	you have no remains of an a- at the pentagon .	2.4
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	they can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .	1
other operators would also refer to the nature of the czech market .	none of the czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .	1
a europe for all	a europe for all	5.000
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0.8
mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president	mohamed morsi sworn in as egypt 's president	4.6
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus ( usually to aid delivery ) .	4.400
bank of england 's paul tucker tainted by libor mess	bank of england deputy denies ordering rate-rigging	2.8
dickshot matt holliday owns .	matt holliday owns , y'all .	3.8
weiner stays in nyc mayor 's race amid new sexting scandal	weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal	3
one nato soldier killed in s. afghanistan	british soldier killed in southern afghanistan	3.2
lance armstrong [ finally ] admits doping , says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4
line , cover	cover the front or surface of .	2.500
the total amount of aid to the system should be divided into two parts .	the total amount to the aid of the system should be divided into two parts .	5
the tallied points of a game , at a given time	a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest .	2.750
a new castle county woman has become the first delaware patient to contract the west nile virus this year , the state 's department of health reported .	a 62-year-old west babylon man has contracted the west nile virus , the first human case in suffolk county this year , according to the county health department .	1.500
iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress	iran nuclear talks start in geneva	3
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	3.20
rio airport workers strike on eve of fifa world cup	rio de janeiro airport workers strike on eve of world cup	5.00
bulbs a , b , and c are on a path with the battery	a and c are in the same path	2.80
a judge ordered the child placed in state custody aug. 8 .	on aug. 8 , juvenile court judge robert yeates ordered that parker be placed in protective custody .	3.200
rangers voted into division three	rangers voted into third division	4.8
# morsi ? s slurs against # jews stir concern does any one in # obama 's administration know how to read # english ?	morsi ? s slurs against jews stir concern	3.6
`` and about eight to 10 seconds down , i hit .	`` i was in the water for about eight seconds .	2.200
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable .	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount ;	0
a large truck used to haul material or goods	a long truck for carrying motor vehicles .	3.0174
an incremental step reported by researchers at the university of california , san francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort .	the incremental step , reported by researchers at uc san francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus .	3.250
assign a new time for an event	assign a new time and place for an event .	5.000
be on base at the end of an inning	to be on base at the end of an inning , of a player .	4.600
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	it is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .	0
a boy is crawling into a dog house .	a cat is playing on the floor .	0.000
circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	3.00
imagine ; form a mental picture of something	form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract .	3.4
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	this is a disgrace when you think that the european union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life .	4.400
greece reaches agreement with troika , bailout tranche expected within days	debt inspectors reach agreement with greece	3
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .	a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .	4.60
oracle corp 's chairman and ceo larry ellison did n't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival peoplesoft inc .	oracle chairman larry ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival peoplesoft .	4.400
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but america 's interest for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .	5.000
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we would perhaps then able prevent a disaster .	4.250
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990 .	the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999 .	2.2
first of all , as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks .	you can mix those , but in my experience , it will be very difficult at first .	0.00
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .	the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .	0.800
rot ; become unfit for consumption	become unfit for consumption or use .	4.750
administer or bestow , as portions	administer or bestow , as in small portions .	4.5
two women stand in a living room with a black dog .	two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera .	4
someone is greasing a pan .	smeone is laying down .	0.400
how should i cite a screenshot in apa style for my student paper ?	how should i cite stackoverflow questions in my term paper ?	1
a man riding a small bicycle .	a man is doing a wheelie on a bike .	2.8
a band is performing on a stage .	a band is playing onstage .	5.000
a man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground .	someone is riding a horse .	2.600
the spatial , geometric contour of an object	the set of elements common to two or more sets .	0
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race .	1.2
site finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction , galvin said .	through sunday , sept. 21 , site finder has been visited over 65 million times by internet users .	3.800
soccer - the impact in the semi-finals	the impact will be measured in vancouver whitecaps in the semi-finals .	2
make or become more acute or intense	make or become more narrow or restricted .	2.4
earlier on monday , grant thornton spa repeated previous statements that it was `` a victim of fraudulent action '' .	grant thornton claims that it too was the “ victim ” of a fraud .	3.400
egypt army cracks down on brotherhood	egypt 's military cracks down on muslim brotherhood	4
the man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man .	a man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer .	5.000
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us .	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay .	0.00
george w. bush warns against bitter immigration debate	george w bush weighs into immigration debate	3
what if i do n't have enough work sample for an interview ?	what should i do if i have an idea but ca n't work on it immediately ?	0
a yellow car speeds along a snowy field .	a yellow car drives quickly in the snow .	4.40
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	bird sitting on a log in a lake .	0.4
assimilate into the mind or a situation	lift and reset in another soil or situation .	0.8
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium .	3.250
the temperature in a certain environment , determined by time and place , is specified .	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;	1
shelley 's office reported friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .	shelley 's office released signature counts late friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .	4.500
a woman is cutting an onion .	a horse is standing .	0.000
a person is scrubbing a zucchini .	a woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush .	4.000
the legislators thus refused to support president george bush 's call to the project .	renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of president george bush .	1
a skateboarder on a city street .	a skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .	2.60
bulb b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.60
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my eyes , there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence .	4.200
employ or utilize , put into service	give or convey physically .	0.750
be given to , come into the possession of	come into the possession of .	4.4
world 's oldest man dies at 116	japan : world 's oldest man ever dies aged 116	4.60
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee .	0.2
republican governors open new front in # tax debate offering bold # solutions !	the caucus : republican governors open new front in tax debate	3.8
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	this is a development of this type that i wish to other states of the european union .	4.600
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully ; separate or cause to separate ; go to pieces .	separate or cause to separate abruptly .	4.4
there are trains via knin , which means a large detour inland ( there just is n't a coastal line ) .	as others have said if you want to get to split the best public transport offering is by bus .	0.60
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts .	0.2
china ‚äėwill protect interests‚äô of foreign business	obama in ‚äėdirect‚äô confrontation with putin on ukraine	0.00
an elderly asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table .	an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .	4.4
two killed in bahrain car explosion	two killed in bahrain car blast	5
a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .	a woman is putting flour onto some meat .	5.000
pardon the brevity of this answer , but i would say `` named '' is preferred within the context of your example .	named is preferred in your example , since you are formally giving a name to your method .	4.40
pass into by penetrating or permeating	the act of breaking something .	2.6
the company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line cds to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .	the company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $ 8.98 .	1.600
recite as a chant , intone	recite with musical intonation ; recite as a chant or a psalm .	3.750
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	a non-zero voltage means that there is a gap	4.00
how can i repair my floors ' finish ?	how can i repair a leaking shower ?	1
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal	enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level ; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it .	4.000
a dog shaking off water .	a dog shaking water off .	5.00
a man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword .	a man is cutting a boot with a sword .	3.750
run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise .	run at a moderately swift pace .	5
`` let 's show we wo n't let them off , '' said marc blondel , leader of the force ouvriere union .	`` the movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum , and we wo n't give up , '' said marc blondel , leader of the force ouvriere union .	2.200
i 've narrowed it down to god , gays and guns .	i did n't want to read and run hun .	0.00
the european union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 ; the united states is now demanding that the eu end its ban .	the union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks .	2.600
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild	a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild .	5
in the last three weeks , progress has been made in three major areas .	in recent weeks , three major progress has been made .	3.400
oh , i bet he can i truly hope not .	i feel you are a good man , i truly like you .	0.00
+1 mt ? `` i loathe writing with..a kind of phobia.. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it '' styron	? selected letters of william styron ?	1.2
a tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach	2.20
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the european parliament .	4.200
turn , twist or fasten ( as if ) with a screw	take out or up with or as if with a scoop .	0
it is gratifying that parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness .	we must welcome the fact that parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency .	4.400
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting	approval of the minutes of the previous sitting .	5.000
nelson mandela 's real hero was not gandhi , but nehru	nelson mandela 's health 'unstable '	1.4
he had no intention of apprehending him .	- i didnt say he planned on apprehending him .	2.4
i agree with you , its a ironic story also .	then you birds got nuttin to worry about..	0.60
a man is feeding a mouse to a snake .	the man is feeding a mouse to the snake .	5.000
a woman is slicing some tomatoes .	a woman is chopping a potato .	1.400
woman playing tennis and hitting the ball .	a woman is playing volley ball .	2.00
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this gross error is conducting russia to his downfall policy .	3.750
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .	a black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .	5.00
a person wipes butter on a tray .	a person is buttering a tray .	4.250
closed paths from the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	2.50
but our parents said `` oh no , it was an accident '' .	it was our day , how we wanted and it was wonderful .	0.00
who spokeswoman maria cheng agreed , saying : `` it looks very much like an isolated event . ''	`` it looks very much like an isolated event , '' world health organization spokeswoman maria cheng said .	4.600
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it .	4.333
whistleblower edward snowden flies to moscow	nsa whistleblower edward snowden leaves hong kong on flight to moscow	3.6
the quality of being useful for something	the act of changing one thing for another thing .	0.6
a man is being put into an abulance .	a man is pouring pasta onto a plate .	0.000
a royal duty is based on his experiences with diana , princess of wales and letters allegedly to and from her .	the royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in a royal duty , based on the former servant ’ s time with diana , princess of wales .	2.750
the united states , especially the north during the civil war	the united states ( especially the northern states during the american civil war ) .	4.6
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	the great pax europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depends .	4.750
the 2000 democratic platform supported `` the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation . ''	the democrat 's 2000 platform did n't explicitly support gay marriages but backed `` the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation . ''	3.200
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	this is an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years .	4.600
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will be to 17h30 .	4.500
they will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams .	they will continue to put pressure . the money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position .	4.600
subclasses are said to extend or specialise their superclasses .	subclasses are said to ‘ extend ’ superclasses .	4
a person is playing the keyboard .	a boy is playing a key-board .	4.000
daniels said he does n't know what bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .	daniels said he does n't know what bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .	4.400
there are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems .	there are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage .	4.20
break up the problem different smaller subproblems .	a problem with overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems may be used to solve many different larger problems .	2
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	to be muslim and be islamiste are two different things .	5.000
the woman is frying a breaded pork chop .	a woman is cooking a breaded pork chop .	4.200
a brief attempt at some endeavor	a usually brief attempt .	3.750
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are quite honourably here .	4.167
south africa starts investigating mine violence	south africa hosts 'peace talks ' in mine standoff	2.4
circuit 5 is in a closed path .	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	2.00
# britain ’ s prime minister defends decision to seek vote on # europeanunion	u.k. prime minister defends decision to seek e.u . vote	4.8
the act of concealing or disguising	the state of inactivity following an interruption .	0.2
have a distinctive or characteristic taste , perceptible by an experiencer .	have a distinctive or characteristic taste .	4
mandela 's condition has 'improved '	mandela 's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours '	1
a dog is playing with a toy .	a dog is eating a doll .	2.250
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	a damaged bulb creates a gap	4.60
five charged with terrorism offences	five people charged with terror offences	4.80
a cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it .	the cat is laying on an animal print blanket .	2.4
iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	iran 's khamenei renews support for nuclear talks	3.60
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action .	( often plural ) a command given by a superior ( e.g. , a military or law enforcement officer ) that must be obeyed ;	2
time to come	the time yet to come .	3.750
position in football played by a team member	( american football ) a position on the line of scrimmage .	2.8
because bulb a is in a closed path , and bulb c is in a closed path .	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths	4.60
feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality .	so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane ?	2.60
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city .	0.40
a man dives into a pool .	a man is diving into a pool .	5.000
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.40
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	it is necessary to know today , since we are still in the uncertainty , which are the scientific , what are the measures to take .	4.600
give a neat appearance to , neaten	give a neat appearance to .	4.9
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , in my speech i shall focus on the report by mrs lalumière report , which i think is well thought-out and clearly formulated .	5.000
pakistan releases top afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan releases seven afghan taliban fighters	3.6
two animals sitting on a rock .	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks .	0
the bulb only has one terminal connected	the battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	2.00
it was before the season began because amy saw the woman before the silence took her .	the exact timeline has n't been listed yet , but there are a few assumptions we can make .	0.20
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to fix this garage floor ?	0
a dog is wearing a gray jacket .	a dog laying in a pet jacket .	3
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written .	that is the spirit in which must be developed the european constitution .	4.750
the cat is sitting on a bag of cat food .	two eagles sitting on a long branch .	0.4
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .	contribute to the progress or growth of .	4.85
a silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac .	an aeromexico silver plane is on a runway .	4.2
( the sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m . )	( the sitting was suspended at 14h06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m . )	5.000
taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in afghanistan	series of attacks kill 10 police in afghanistan	1.4
a woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table .	a person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day .	0.4
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election	putin wins disputed russian presidential election	4.4
table with blue table cloth in kitchen .	wooden cabinets in kitchen .	1.6
not as irritated as you .	you seem as irritated as henry .	1.75
seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450 .	above that , medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .	1.500
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place on 17 : 30 .	4.750
10 things to know for wednesday	10 things to know for thursday	2
two santa trackers competing this christmas	spain turning back the clock on siestas	0
a baby tiger is playing with a ball .	a baby is playing with a doll .	1.600
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
warm , maybe record .	warmer , almost certainly a record .	4.4
nm county prepares for same-sex marriages hearing	some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage	3.8
cause to move , cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side .	1.6
us , uk in pact to release emergency oil stocks	us , uk set to agree emergency oil stocks release	4.6
europe shares bounce as more china stimulus seen	oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus	0.8
a blue and white soccer team playing against each other .	a topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .	0.00
knesset speaker : obama reelection bad for israel	7 states sue over obama administration 's birth control rule	0.4
three tibetans self-immolate in western china : report	7 tibetans self-immolate in china	2.4
as others have said , `` ten of six '' , though not used in many english speaking areas , would be understood as 5:50 .	`` ten of six '' probably means 5:50 but i have not heard it before .	3.80
they have not been that according to the opposition .	if members of the opposition are in parliament is that they have been appointed , not elected .	1
the people versus putin	the people against putin	5.000
turkish search ends as last missing miners found	turkish search ends as last missing miners found	5.00
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking .	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking .	0.8
the way that a 'term ' is defined depends on the application .	the definition of term is dependent on the application .	5
fourteen killed in brazil bus accident	two killed in arizona skydiving accident	0.60
originally posted by jond doubtful .	originally posted by eleanor.ellis	1.2
a black and white photo of an old train station .	a black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground .	0.2
a man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .	a man walking his cow down the side of the road .	0.80
three goats are being rounded up by a dog .	three goats are chased by a dog .	4.6
s as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?	do you see hitler killing jews ?	4.6
only six percent of posters will read that entire article .	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article .	3.20
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i am anxious to recall you that among our allies , there is fervent of this tax .	4.250
online internet aaron swartz commits suicide , relative says	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide	4.8
man riding a bicycle down a narrow path .	a man riding a unicycle down a paved road	2.60
asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies .	the objects you are refering to are actually two different objects : asteroids and comets .	2.00
it seemed like an isolated incident , '' said ariel dean of washington d.c. , who earned a degree in political science .	it seemed like an isolated incident , '' said graduate ariel dean of washington , d.c .	3.750
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only a month ago , disrupted muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’ .	5.000
a man blowing a large bubble .	a man walking a large black horse .	0.00
a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee .	the brown dog jumps for a pink frisbee .	4.00
us attorney general holder resigns	us attorney general eric holder to resign	4
heavy radioactive metallic element , atomic number 92	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element ; occurs in many isotopes ; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons .	3.000
maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll	crisis-hit maldives holds new presidential poll	3
ernst & young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .	ernst & young has denied the sec 's claims , and called its recommendations `` irresponsible '' .	3.000
a young child rides a horse .	the little girl rode a horse .	3.200
take a look at these :	take a look at this :	5
david weber 's the war god 's own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well .	one thing that should be used as a seasoning in odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination .	0.20
because there is a gap in the circuit .	there is a gap in the circuit	4.40
`` frank quattrone is innocent , '' keker said in a statement .	quattrone lawyer john w. keker said his client is innocent .	3.750
becaquse there was a gap in the connection	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.60
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .	the silver train is parked in a station .	2.6
because bulb a will still be contained on a closed path to the battery .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	4.60
! pay it forward - note on a napkin , 'this meal is on us ' -	note on napkin : 'this meal is on us '	4.4
later , the dow jones was a little overtaken .	later , dow jones recovered a little .	2
render one language in another language	restate ( words ) from one language into another language .	5.000
chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions	kabul bank heads sentenced for corruption	1
they are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .	both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .	4.400
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies , which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level .	4.600
n. korea agrees to talks with south	johor crowns its fifth sultan	0
grate on : gnaw into emotionally ; make resentful or angry .	gnaw into ; make resentful or angry .	4.6
iran says nuclear talks to resume next month	iran says capable of jamming foes ' communication systems	0.6
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water .	1.8
activists : syrian troops storm damascus suburb	activist says syrian citizen cameraman killed in homs	1.4
a young girl dressed in a minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk .	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .	1.00
a man is slicing a bun .	a man is breaking pots .	0.400
`` people were always happy to see zora '' he said .	`` i am so happy , '' he said to reporters .	0
passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up .	passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up , but exempted private clubs from the regulation .	3.400
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	it is a shame when it is thought that the european union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life !	4.600
to cause to become quiet	become quiet or still ; fall silent .	4.2
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	the open switch creates a gap	3.00
kaichen appeared wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges .	she appeared in federal court wednesday , but did not enter a plea .	3.000
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
a man climbing a rock-face .	a man is climbing a rock wall .	4.60
prosecutors filed a motion informing lee they intend to seek the death penalty .	he added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty .	3.400
yes , you should make a résumé .	yes , you should talk to your professor .	0
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	undoubtedly , was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and , in this case , the american proposal was a proposal with the reduction , completely unacceptable for europe .	4.600
recover , return to former state	return to a former condition .	4.8
a man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .	a man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .	1.00
i have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it .	as mentioned by other responders , it turns out that using a standing desk is n't necessarily a perfect solution .	2.20
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	we can also note that the french philosopher , marcel gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself .	4.667
a man takes a slice of pizza .	a man talks on his cell phone .	0.800
nobel-winning economist on why we should care about # climate change .	on the non-equivalence of greenhouse gases and entitlement spending	1
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the karamanou report .	4.200
the act of testing something .	the act of cracking something .	0.6
glorious triple-gold night for britain	britain savors golden night on track	3.2
remains of 167 bodies found in mexican cave	remains of 167 people found in mexico cave	5
a small boy is playing with a dog .	a baby is playing with a dog .	3.750
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	in the forefront of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	4.750
more than 100 injured in texas plant blast	hundreds believed injured in texas fertiliser plant blast	4
president for early conclusion of eco partnership with sri lanka	pakistan pm for deeper economic ties with sri lanka	2.6
it is laughable to believe the whole story , they never met ? image becomes a puzzle as theories on te ? o swirl	image of manti te ? o becomes puzzle as theories swirl	3
bulb a and bulb c are not contained in the same closed path	a and c are not in the same path	5.00
a woman is squeezing some cucumber slices .	a woman is getting doused in green slime .	0.750
because there was a gap in the pathway .	there is a path containing both z and c	1.67
because it was in the same circuit	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	1.80
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of stopping something .	0.4
because the two terminals are connected	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	3.00
us senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears	fiscal cliff : house delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live	2.8
the interests of 2009 cover seven months , from the end of september this year till the end of march .	the interests of 2009 cover seven months to the end of september this year until the end of march .	5
thousands evacuated in moscow metro fire	thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in moscow metro	4.80
who abandoned 3 boeing planes at the airport ?	police abandon posts in lesotho , fear for lives	0
a woman is playing an electric guitar .	a woman is playing a guitar .	3.600
a man is opening a door .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.800
prime minister to seek nuclear deal , investments during japan visit	manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with japan	3.00
how about a path to # citizenship for those already caught crossing the # border ? # citizenship path in one fast push	obama will seek citizenship path in one fast push	2.8
police helicopter crashes into scottish pub	police helicopter crashes on top of bar in glasgow	4
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles .	3.8
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .	4.40
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .	4.00
more rain hampers indian flood rescue	us tourist gang-raped in northern india : police	0.40
three bottles are on a table .	old green bottle sitting on a table .	2.4
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target . the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute . note that in this frame , the entity does not experience the temperature , but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state . is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;	1
aung san suu kyi to address british mps	burma 's aung san suu kyi to address parliament on june visit	4
bulbs a and b are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	if c burns out then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery	3.00
# socialmedia makes folks more honest , says # cornell prof # facebook # linkedin	social media make us more honest	4.4
why is compensation so much higher in the us than in western europe on average ?	why is interest on mma lower in the us than in europe ?	2
a woman with two men in hats socializing outside .	a young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a domino 's pizza .	1.40
today , eatonville is an anomaly in florida : to six miles of orlando , it can at any time see themselves as a back street after a summer rainy day , small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880 's .	today , eatonville is an anomaly in florida : six miles from orlando , it can at any time see itself as a back street after a summer rainy day , small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880 's .	5
the support will come as a free software upgrade called webvpn for current customers that have support contracts .	the upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with smarnet support in january 2004 .	2.600
what could be wrong with my furnace ?	what is wrong with my gas furnace ?	4
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening .	0
russians rally support for orthodox church over pussy riot controversy	russian orthodox church rallies faithful after criticism	3.6
[ ticker ] fitch upgrades greek credit rating	moody 's upgrades greek credit rating	3.4
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .	my answer to your question is `` probably not '' .	1
in this frame an evaluee is described by a ( usually implicit ) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior .	stemming from evil characteristics or forces ; wicked or dishonorable ; -thomas hardy	0.6
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .	blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .	3.4
two men pushed carts through the woods .	two men are pushing carts .	3.500
a close-up of a brown horse 's head .	a side view of a horse 's head .	3.4
does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe ?	anyone else feel like this ?	1.67
so many other paul newman have gone to history .	paul newman was one of them. ``	1
a person is peeling an onion .	a person is peeling an eggplant .	2.000
well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .	the new czech anthem four new versions .	3
iranian nuclear talks to be extended to november	iran nuclear talks extended to november 24	4.40
i think it is great that you had a test conducted .	i think that 's a great plan .	2
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with the employees , and european competitiveness and the growth will regress .	4.750
israeli leader puts off evicting settlers from hebron house	israeli army orders settlers out of hebron house	1.6
a man and woman dance .	a man is petting a dog .	0.333
keep something or someone under control ; stop something from happening	stop for a moment , as if out of uncertainty or caution .	2.8
i agree completely i am hoping he is into a second term of office .	i am hoping he is into a second term of office .	4
a person or thing equal to another in value or significane .	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc .	4.000
bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	2.20
a man shoots a basket .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.500
swiss tourist gang-raped in india	swiss tourist gang-raped in india	5
why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s , and not ( for instance ) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s ?	speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our universe .	1.00
2 french journalists killed in mali	two french journalists killed in mali	5
taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far ... the unaffordable luxury of food	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food	2.6
do you not understand what that string of words means ?	do you not understand what the word 'led ' implies ?	1.2
absolute majority always defined by the institution , or the context .	in countries like india , when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament , you have absolute majority .	2.60
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	i want to rock and roll by kiss we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.4
terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side .	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	2.83
be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants ! ! !	9 calorie bombs at restaurants	1
american airlines and pilots agree on a new contract	romney pledges to 'stand with israel ' on iran threat	0
prince charles 'compares putin to hitler '	prince charles 'compares vladimir putin to adolf hitler '	5.00
north american futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .	north american stock markets got off to a slow start tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .	4.600
a brown horse stands in a lush green field .	a brown horse in a green field .	3.8
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is of our duty to continue supporting the latvia on the question of the incorporation of the russian population .	5.000
do n't you follow , and want our laws to follow all of leviticus ?	she 's on line here but has n't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's our nation 's laws to follow all of leviticus .	3.00
the deadly toll of cluster bombs in # syria	gruesome toll of cluster bombs	3
be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something .	0
shares closed on nasdaq just below their 52-week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .	trading of echostar 's stock closed tuesday at a 52-week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .	3.250
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the norms are scarcely comparable and again less transférables .	4.250
deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into scottish pub	scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub	4
the who says the latest case does not fit its profile of sars and is not a public health concern .	the who has said the singapore case did not fit its profile of sars and was `` not an international public health concern . ''	3.800
about 100 firefighters are in the bosque today , albuquerque fire chief robert ortega said .	`` we were seconds away from having that happen , '' albuquerque fire chief robert ortega said .	1.800
join or attach ( as if ) with glue , possibly to cover the surface of an object .	join or attach with or as if with glue .	4.4
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i want to say to you that among our allies , there are fervent of this tax .	5.000
are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up ?	no one appears to have posted about this yet .	0.00
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .	4.2
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing .	0
'here is what happens when you cast lindsey # lohan in a movie ' & get unlimited on-set access : superb journalism .	here is what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie	3
why is n't the switch working to turn off my ceiling lamp after i replaced a fan w/light ?	why does my ceiling fan turn off when i turn on the lights ?	4
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i invite prague to take this message , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to act and to make it so that , together with this house , these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned .	4.600
the baby crawled through the doorway .	a baby is crawling across the floor .	2.400
could be topaz adjust , or any hdr program .	i used photoshop with topaz labs denoise and adjust	3.4675
he playfully chided the senate 's `` little bitty tax relief plan . ''	we do n't need a little bitty tax relief plan .	3.500
i think you 're looking for mikey ( 1992 ) .	i think you 're looking for the movie	3
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i want to take the protection of workers .	4.500
many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .	a man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair .	2.60
a woman is playing the guitar .	a man is playing guitar .	2.400
`` husbands of hollywood '' ? ? gender-flipped satire of reality tv ... & subtle commentary on limited options for black actors .	critic ? s notebook : ? real husbands of hollywood ? and lack of black male leads	3.8
the new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .	academic achievement -- including grades , test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority .	4.500
newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house	4.2
other ways are needed .	other means should be found .	4.600
in complete shock ! catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person	4.2
north korea to put us citizen on trial	n korea hit with new us sanctions	2
it is valid in all common interpretations of probability .	as an official theorem , bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .	3
allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .	4.8
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	we can indeed want more and better , but quite honestly that i believe this is a good start .	4.400
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	but i would like to say to the house this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the european union spends only 1 % of the gdp of the member states and that the bulk of this money is administered in the member states .	4.800
arkansas supreme court strikes down execution law	arkansas justices strike down death penalty	4.6
what 's wrong with the boeing dreamliner ? `` . airlines must be so happy !	what 's wrong with the dreamliner ?	4
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone .	0.4
three dogs racing on a dirt track	cars racing on a dirt track	1.40
why the net grieves aaron swartz - the innovator who embodied what 's best about the net .	why world grieves aaron swartz	3.2
well , whatever , you are now .	well , whatever , you 're aware of it now .	2.2
originally posted by muslim girl ooops sorry !	originally posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility .	1.2
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .	3.6
to interrupt , enter uninvited	enter uninvited .	3.500
he is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable .	you can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while .	1.80
she said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .	she said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .	3.875
police kill gunman , find 3 more dead in colo. home	4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in us home	2
try something new on your next vacation .	exotic culinary tours around the world	1.2
basic monetary unit of kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in kyrgyzstan .	4.8
a man riding a white horse .	a woman with a white horse .	2.2
switch z is in the same path as bulb a	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch z .	3.60
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	it has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries , to the detriment of the small ones .	4.750
strauss-kahn investigated in french prostitution ring	dominique strauss-kahn faces questions over french prostitution ring	3.8
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .	the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society .	3.4
a snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .	a boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .	0.80
headlines in major iranian newspapers on dec 14	headlines in major iranian newspapers on july 29	2.00
has there even been any criminal investigation ?	there 's not even an investigation .	2.20
a man breaks cinder blocks on another man .	a woman breaks an egg into a pan .	0.800
an evaluation , an estimation of worth , a grade	a number or letter indicating quality ( especially of a student 's performance ) .	3.000
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 .	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	1.40
the terminals are not connected	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	2.80
i am ok with medical use !	i am ok with medical use ! !	5
how should i patch a popcorn ceiling ?	should i replace or patch a plaster ceiling ?	2
washington 's acts of congress sells for $ 9.8m	george washington 's copy of us constitution sells for $ 9.8m	2.6
nkorea makes `` significant '' nuclear reactor progress - iaea	n. korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent	2.8
this post refers to research in the stem fields , and may not be applicable to other research topics .	this is about my experience in computer engineering i found that reading for breadth was the more important approach .	0.60
west hails syria opposition vote to join peace talks	syrian opposition to name delegation for talks	2.6
entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network 's chokepoints and they are lobbying the fcc to aid and abet them .	it may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the internet 's choke-points and they are lobbying the fcc to aid and abet them . ''	3.200
and the county where detroit is located also voted for him ?	and what do you know , receipts stayed about the same .	0.00
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief .	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency 's director general .	4.8
terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal .	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	4.60
founders of the group are matsushita electric , sony , hitachi , nec , royal philips electronics , samsung , sharp and toshiba .	celf 's founding members are hitachi , matsushita , nec , philips , samsung , sharp , sony , and toshiba .	3.400
a person is playing a guitar .	the man played his guitar .	3.000
at least 233 dead in brazilian nightclub fire . : (	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.6
20-member parliamentary , trade team leaves for india	commerce secretary to take leave of absence	0
iraq searches syria bound iran plane : officials	iraq searches syrian-bound iranian plane	4.2
in the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in north texas .	additional to the other answers , basil famously does n't like to be damp overnight .	0.20
on health care , the ndp says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .	the new democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums .	4.600
stanford ( 46-15 ) plays south carolina ( 44-20 ) today in a first-round game at rosenblatt stadium in omaha , neb .	stanford ( 46-15 ) plays south carolina ( 44-20 ) on friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament .	3.333
syria peace plan conditions “ unacceptable , ” opposition says	syria peace dashed as deadline passes	2
how exactly is germany being 'punished ' for the stupidity of ww ?	how exactly are they being punished ?	1.4
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support the latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
dynamic programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .	the key to dynamic programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .	4
train in a station .	trains inside an indoor station .	3.8
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has . a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it .	help to some food ; help with food or drink ;	2
people with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another .	the common economic activities create peaceful links between the people .	4.200
get it all out , '' says howard davidowitz , chairman of davidowitz & associates , a national retail consulting firm based in new york city .	innocent or not , `` she 's damaged goods , '' said howard davidowitz , chairman of davidowitz & associates , a national retail consulting firm in new york .	1.400
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties .	3.8
a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site .	4
the vector space model has some limitations : 1 .	the vector space model has several disadvantages .	4
envelop completely ; form a cover over .	form an impenetrable cover over .	4.750
delhi gang rape victim dies in singapore hospital	delhi gang rape victim flown to singapore hospital	3.4
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0.2
speed up the process of	speed up the progress of ; facilitate .	4.250
a group of sheep grazing on a hill .	a group of sheep are on a hill .	4
mandela remembered by family , as stadium memorial service is planned	mandela 's family thanks nation and world for support	1
the lawsuit names shelley , a democrat , and registrars in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .	the lawsuit named secretary of state kevin shelley , a democrat , and the registrars of voters in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .	4.200
and in the end , bush 's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending ...	point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending .	1.80
dozens killed in nigerian riots	dozens killed in kenyan clashes	1
be careful of grapefruit , orange and apple juice .	attention to the fungus orange juice , and bone .	1
spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville , south carolina .	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro , north carolina .	0.60
a rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched .	a brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it 's mouth .	0.40
a dog sat at the counter of a store .	the dog is standing at the counter .	2.600
it was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .	`` the first day of course in japan .	0
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns which return the us markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance .	4.750
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member .	4.6
terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the ten commandments in some cases and banning them in others .	lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the ten commandments in some instances and not in others .	4.250
news summary for march 11	news summary for january 14	1.8
you will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , he is not sufficiently aware to organize his thoughts .	you will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , it is not aware to hold his thinking .	4
the man talked on the telephone .	the man is talking on the phone .	3.600
i do n't like flavored beers .	i do n't like many flavored drinks .	3
dozens of egyptians hostages taken by libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes	egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in nile	0
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which has been decided , which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago , does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material .	4.400
geography as defined by its use .	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose ;	2.4
bush gets zero credit for the budget under him .	and , obama gets zero credit for the budget under him .	1.8
for the trillionth time , i 've never said rehabilitation does n't work .	the point you quote should say `` i never said rehabilitation could never work . ''	3.4
the woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .	woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .	4.60
'iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes '	senior cleric : iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes	4.4
preserve in a tin or jar .	preserve in a can or tin .	4.4
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament has also fought for this reduction in the funds available for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of the framework of flexibility , defined in a statement on the financial perspective .	4.000
because the battery is in a closed path .	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	3.60
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme .	( physiology ) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc ;	0.6
annan warns talks of syria risks	putin , annan meet on syria crisis	2
from the first discussions on this dossier , which were held at european level at the initiative of the european parliament , the commission has given a commitment to the member states to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a european police culture , grounded in the highest standards of duty , respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime .	since the first thoughts on this issue , which took place at european level on the initiative of the european parliament , the commission committed itself in relation to the member states to promote an action intended to develop what we could describe as a european commissioner culture , based on the highest standards of ethics , respect for human rights and freedoms , and effectiveness in the fight against crime .	4.400
a man is cutting an onion .	a man cuts an onion .	5.000
he started in the 1983 super bowl , which miami lost 27-17 to washington .	he played four seasons in miami , including the dolphins ' 27-17 loss to washington in the super bowl .	3.000
a person is mixing a pot of rice .	a person is peeling a potato .	0.778
nytimes : diderot , an american exemplar ? bien sûr ! a free thinker	op-ed contributor : diderot , an american exemplar ? bien s ? r	4.25
the space infrared telescope facility 's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe .	nasa is scheduled to launch the space infrared telescope facility on monday morning .	2.500
remove substances from a liquid or solution	remove a constituent from a liquid .	4.8
president mills must quit - lecturer	president john evans atta-mills must resign now -npp germany	2.6
the act of taking an offer	the act of taking something that is offered .	4.6
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .	the black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth .	3.20
a problem , something wrong	a problem .	4.000
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , mister the commissioner .	4.500
the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something .	0.6
be or come into conflict	originate or come into being .	1.6
authorities charge a suspect , who is under suspicion of having committed a crime ( the charges ) , and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter .	record a charge in a police register ;	0.8
a school bus is driving uphill on a rural road .	a race care driving along a dirt road .	1
bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	greek protesters , police clash as bailout deal in limbo	0.6
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	that causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .	4.750
operation chaos is merely people voting .	chaos is merely people voting .	4
imran to contest from four na seats	imran khan to contest elections from four na seats	4.75
two men are fistfighting in a ring .	two men fistfight in a ring .	5.000
yes , i 've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument .	i 've assumed this as well in my argument .	2.8
obit : vincent sombrotto , leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til nixon sent the national guard	vincent sombrotto , who led postal strike , dies at 89	3.4
# cosmos unveil plan for # soccer stadium near # belmontpark # nys # ny # longisland # econdev	cosmos unveil plan for soccer stadium near belmont park	4.4
several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .	5
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency .	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups .	3.2
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who refuse closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car .	4.000
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those which refuse the reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers of the back seat of a car .	4.600
death toll from egypt protests rises to 49	death toll from egypt violence rises to 638	3.20
`` : social media making us more honest ? talks to ``	social media make us more honest	4.4
the debate is closed .	the debate is closed .	5.000
( an occurance of ) the preservation or management of natural resources .	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources .	4.500
there is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	5.00
with the show of strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted monday the access of several ports in brittany and normandy , the president of the republic has decided to go on tuesday morning at the port of guilvinec , in the finisterre , to meet their representatives .	with the show in strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted the access of several ports on monday in brittany and normandy , the president of the republic has decided to go on tuesday morning to the port of guilvinec , in finisterre , to meet their representatives .	5
the alleviation of distress	a change for the better .	1.500
beat ( as if ) with a whip or rod	strike as if by whipping .	4.000
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	it has been an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years .	4.750
chinese premier meets indian vice president	hezbollah urges to elect new lebanese president	0.00
a person is adding food in a pan .	a man is dancing in the street .	0.188
there are three options :	there are only three options :	5
benchmark treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32 , yielding 4.015 percent .	the benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32 , to yield 4.067 percent .	2.750
put in a dangerous position	put in a horizontal position .	0.8
jonny bairstow and eoin morgan shine for england in mumbai	bairstow hits ton in india tour match	1.8
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia 's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia .	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia , particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces .	3.6
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government 's development fund .	iraq 's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government .	4
hijacker arrested after plane lands at geneva airport	hijacked aircraft lands in geneva	3.00
how the us has changed in my lifetime :	from reagan to obama , how we have changed as a nation	3.8
gyorgy heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach was carrying 38 passengers .	the head of the local disaster unit , gyorgy heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .	3.000
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere .	3.2
the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .	a woman is cleaning a shrimp .	4.500
al renews condemnation on syria 's violence	u.s. closes embassy in damascus due to syria violence	1.6
this frame describes a particular instance of an event .	an instance or single occasion for some event ;	3.4
shortly after , the witness , who initially had not recognised the actress saw locklear stop in the middle of the motorway and get out of her car .	shortly after , the witness , who initially had not recognised the actress has given that locklear has been arrested in the middle of the motorway and is out of his vehicle .	3
beer bottles ( -lrb- harp lager ) -rrb- lined up on the floor .	a row of beer bottles on the floor .	3.4
a man in a top hat rides a white horse .	a man with a top hat riding a white horse .	5
clinton : us , europe must do more against tyrants	clinton : us , europe must work to defeat tyrants	4.4
marriage offer	an offer of marriage .	5.000
iran ends cooperation agreement with pakistan	iran , tajikistan sign cooperation agreement	2
because the battery is not in a closed circuit	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	2.83
the bulk of india then was not controlled by porus , but by the nanda dynasty , centered at pataliputra .	i believe alexander lost heart after his horse , bucephelus , died from a wound received in the battle against porus .	0.60
the black and white dog is running on the grass .	a black and white dog swims in blue water .	1.40
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .	territory over which rule or control is exercised ;	1.2
a man is peeling a potato .	a man is slicing a potato .	2.600
it really depends on how the employer documents it .	it depends how you 're stating it .	2
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	however , the americans have only a fall of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may .	4.250
islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in niger	car bombs kill 20 in turkish town near syrian border	1
a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again , bravo	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again	0
the conference board reported its u.s. consumer confidence index slipped to 83.5 in june from 83.6 in may .	the consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in june , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in may , the conference board said .	4.667
a man is tying on a stenographers machine .	the man used a stenograph .	2.250
compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure .	2.000
in vienna , the iaea said elbaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .	in vienna , the international atomic energy agency said on monday elbaradei had accepted iran 's invitation , but said no date had yet been set .	3.250
it 's also a matter of taste .	it 's definitely just a matter of preference .	5
schengen visa for uk citizen ?	how to apply for a schengen visa ?	2
cardinal mahony , abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers . so sad and frustrating .	mahony shielded abusive priests , documents show	2.6
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond the geographical division , divisions recur locally .	4.000
capello quits as england manager	capello resigns as england manager	5
skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways as a manner of motion .	skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways .	4.500
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the date on which an obligation must be repaid .	0
an instance or action of being incorrect .	the space where a division or parting occurs .	0.6
a man and a woman laughing .	a man and a woman kiss .	1.20
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us organise ourselves in fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the countries that are knocking at our door .	3.400
federal judge william barbour said tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying .	u.s. district judge william barbour said he imposed the maximum because avants showed no remorse .	3.600
an entity has the ability to contain a theme .	be used by ; as of a utility ;	0
massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast	hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast	4.4
uk spends £3m on foreign prisons	us spends $ 50m on carp invasion	1.6
clear mucus from one 's throat	clear mucus or food from one 's throat .	4.6
mubarak goes to jail	egypt 's hosni mubarak faces retrial	1.2
a turtle is swimming in water .	a turtle is walking underwater .	3.200
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	there is a closed path with a and b that c is not in .	3.40
that is what we 're up against and must compete on a global scale .	this is what we all feared was going on anyway .	1.40
malaysia sets may 5 as date for closely contested election	malaysia sets date for landmark elections	3.4
generally , almost wherever i go , i find it 's easiest to get money out of the atm .	there are plenty of atms and exchanges all around the city , especially in city center .	1.80
i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .	i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .	5
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
two little girls are talking on the phone .	a little girl is walking down the street .	0.500
how do you do that ?	how to do that ?	5
ecuador president correa says no decision made on assange asylum	ecuador yet to decide on assange 's asylum	3.8
a brown dog chews on an orange ball .	a dog has an orange ball in its mouth .	4.00
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama .	tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack .	2.6
what could be causing my toilet to back up ?	what could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin ?	2
`` enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud , '' prosecutor samuel buell told the associated press .	`` enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earnings results , '' buell said .	3.750
consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .	to watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .	4.000
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a piano .	2.000
in a `` first-past-the-post '' system , it is difficult to sustain more than two parties .	while the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties , it certainly does n't guarantee the marginalization of third parties .	3.00
hong kong set for democracy march	hong kong set for huge democracy rally	4.80
toll , australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered nz75 a share for tranz rail .	toll last week offered to buy the company for nz75c a share , or $ nz158 million .	3.500
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as far as the consumer of drugs is the only one to risks .	4.000
`` this moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , '' said hubbard , a member of the columbia accident investigation board .	`` i think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage , '' hubbard said .	3.600
forecasters said warnings might go up for cuba later thursday .	watches or warnings could be issued for eastern cuba later on thursday .	4.000
man killed in french terror raid	man dies in french 'anti-terror operation '	4.8
the black and white dog has its mouth wide open .	a black and white dog jumps in the snow .	1.80
it rather depends on which country you 're in .	that depends on which country you are in .	5
a store or supply of something	a large or extra supply of something .	4.8
a man is mowing grass .	a man is busting concrete .	0.833
a man is firing a shot gun .	a man shoots a shotgun .	5.000
several cows grazing on the median by the road .	five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways .	4
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek minority in himara make more imperative that measures to promote democratisation , strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	4.600
5 aid workers freed in operation in afghanistan	suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in afghanistan	0.8
gl , terral that is absolutely amazing .	hi ollie : that is absolutely amazing .	2.4
a long-haired man with a hat standing between two large , half-empty coke bottles .	a man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles .	3.6
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them ?	3.250
behemoths in the attack .	colossus to the attack .	2
shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source .	emit a steady even light without flames .	2.8
a boy is playing the piano .	a man is playing a piano .	3.000
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	things are not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that we can also remain in force more restrictive provisions , but particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments .	4.000
the boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse .	a child is stuck in a dog house .	3.750
180 ! “ : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire ”	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
you mean , you believe the word of the mainstream media ?	you mean , you believe the word of the springhallconvert ?	1.8
saudis to permit women to compete in olympics	saudi women allowed to compete at olympics	4.8
sec chairman william donaldson said there is a `` building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat . ''	`` i think there 's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat . ''	3.400
run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise .	run at a moderately swift pace .	3.750
they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered ( i.e .	and all to few understand , therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide .	0.80
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .	the back of a sign with stickers on .	3.8
any address at which one dwells more than temporarily .	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily .	4.500
on monday , the dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .	in early trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points monday .	1.600
assange appeals extradition to uk 's top court	assange to appeal extradition to uk 's top court	4
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is dancing .	0.200
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal .	0.4
chinese satellite spots large object in search area	malaysia : chinese satellite found object in ocean	3
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i want to stand up for workers of this area .	4.500
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of liberating someone or something .	0.6
`` because switch y isn '' '' t included in bulb a '' '' s closed path ''	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	4.80
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery .	a and c are not in the same path with the battery	1.80
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists .	the tea party did n't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics .	1.40
the network is also dropping its friday night `` dateline '' edition .	the network will drop one edition of `` dateline , '' its newsmagazine franchise .	3.857
twice the quantity or amount of something	a quantity that is twice as great as another .	4.000
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags .	a girl in glasses is looking over two american flags near a wooded area .	2.60
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	given the criticisms , particularly those of ireland and france , the british chancellor of the exchequer has given a new interpretation : it would now a tax for all users , including the lorry drivers in the uk .	3.600
a woman is slicing some vegetables .	the woman is dicing garlic .	2.800
two dogs are playing on the beach together .	two black dogs are playing in a grass .	3.00
free speech is a basic democratic right except in france # twitter	twitter ordered to help reveal sources of anti-semitic posts	0.2
saudi women to protest against driving ban	saudi women drive in protest with little problem	2
syria fighting rages as russia urges western re-think	syria fighting rages in capital , russia pressed	2.6
critics say putin ’ s security restrictions violate rights	putin 's security decree for sochi draws ire of critics	3.2
a woman tosses a cat in the air , and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling .	a person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling .	3.500
what could be causing my toilet to back up ?	what could be causing my bathroom drains to back up ?	4
this is interesting : `` what we don ’ t know is killing us '' .	editorial : what we don ? t know is killing us	3.6
prominent aids researchers killed in malaysian plane crash	top aids researcher killed in malaysia plane crash	5.00
malaysia airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to beijing	malaysia airlines plane vanishes on flight to beijing	4.00
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny .	4.800
rupert murdoch : i was the victim of a cover up	rupert murdoch set for second day of grilling	1.2
hmmm she 's filing for bankruptcy..	casey anthony files for bankruptcy	2.8
a visual characterization of something	a visual representation of something .	4.6
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	1
a woman is dancing .	a man is eating .	0.143
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .	4.250
so , he is a 'self made man ' , if you want to quibble over that , fine .	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .	2.60
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged .	0
sheryl crow says has benign brain tumor	sheryl crow has a benign brain tumor	4.6
does anyone know if this is possible ? ?	how is that possible ?	4.00
eddie huang in the ny times . i vibe this dude so hard	eddie huang defies description	1.6
have any of you used a va loan to buy a house , then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you 'll save a bunch by refinancing ?	if you have used the va loan , and then refinanced using the streamline program , i 'd be thrilled to hear about it !	3.67
cause to be alert or energetic	cause to be alert and energetic .	4.500
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of community legislation , as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards .	4.500
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .	5.000
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this big mistake is leading russia to its political ruin .	5.000
two earthquakes hit northwest china , 11 dead	twin quakes kill 89 in china	2.4
an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group . the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members .	make an addition ( to ) ; join or combine or unite with others ; increase the quality , quantity , size or scope of ;	1.6
mark with scars	mark with a scar .	5.000
sometimes i fantasize about having power .	sometimes i , too , fantasise about bending people before my demented will .	4.2
electronic data systems corp. thursday said the securities and exchange commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the u.s. navy .	in a regulatory filing , eds said the sec had asked for information related to its troubled it outsourcing contract with the us navy .	3.200
spain jobless rate hits new high	spain 's jobless claims hit new high	4.2
cannes thief 'steals $ 53m of jewels ' in armed heist at hotel	robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels in cannes , police say	3.8
hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing , which was carried live on national cable networks .	hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time all-star was carried live on national cable networks .	3.000
gov'ts , groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	canada promises $ 5-million in typhoon relief	2.40
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .	the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 18.25 points , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .	2.000
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.667
the positive battery terminal is not connected	there is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal	1.40
yes filed suit yesterday in the supreme court of new york county in manhattan .	the suit was filed in the supreme court of new york county .	3.000
motor racing : button fastest in year 's first f1 practice	button boasts best time after first practice	3
a man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter .	a man is playing a flute .	0.800
generations divided over gay marriage	g20 summit ends divided over syria	0
a computer on a desk .	a computer operating on a desk .	4
a person breaks an egg into a small bowl .	a man cracks an egg .	2.600
the quality of dedication , fixity of purpose	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose .	3.750
three dogs playing in the snow .	the boy is playing in the sand .	0.80
you have made a claim , that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped .	the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history .	2.60
rise to surface ; become visible or known	appear or become visible ; make a showing .	3.6
the theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .	bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .	3
13 children die in fire myanmar mosque fire	myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque	4.6
hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , john speranza , said his client `` did not wake up that day '' intending to hurt anyone .	hovan `` did not wake up that day '' intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney john speranza said .	4.500
( applause )	i have already answered on this point and i support completely what he has said on the necessity of improving the public debate , and i will not go back on what i have said , but it is true that , all too often , the citizens feel the decisions that are taken in the authorities that they do not know .	0.000
how do i remove paint from a wood floor ?	how do i remove paint from a porous table top ?	1
a woman is reading .	a woman is kneading dough .	1.000
a man is driving a car .	a man is riding a horse .	1.200
police stop maldives presidential election	keita wins mali presidential election	1.20
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	the occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .	4.500
in 2002 , linksys overtook cisco systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .	rolfe said linksys overtook cisco systems last year as the leading supplier of wlan equipment .	3.500
sail boat sailing on the water .	sailboat sailing on a cloudy day .	3.4
because bulb a is on a different path than bulbs b and c	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	1.60
tisha kresler , a spokeswoman for global crossing , declined to comment .	a global crossing representative had no immediate comment .	3.600
if convicted , they face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts .	if convicted , each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved .	3.250
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the eu as a whole basically depend - and denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of european policy .	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the whole of the eu depend - the example of denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits of european policy .	5.000
it looks to me that this is set up for what you want :	it is up to you whether you want to do that .	2
a cat is playing with an antenna .	a boy is playing in the mud .	0.400
the portuguese weather service said europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .	the heatwave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said mario almeida of portugal 's weather service .	4.056
the essence or gist of something	the disadvantage that results from losing something .	0
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal	4.40
a dog running through snow .	a dog runs in the snow .	5.00
clearly , explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	it is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	5.000
this frame contains words referring to items of food .	a particular day specified as the time something happens ;	0
kerry 's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 palestinian inmates	kerry plan to include prisoner release , settlement freeze	3.40
no missile evidence .	no missile witnesses .	3.2
bbc director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism '	bbc director general resigns amid newsnight scandal	3.6
a small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair .	a white cat stands on the floor .	2.6
a man is giving a lecture on a podium .	a man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket .	2.333
only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .	only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .	3.800
the two terminals will both be 0	the terminals are in the same state .	3.60
egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader badie	egypt braces for more violence as muslim brotherhood calls 'march of anger '	1.60
the injured passenger at john peter smith hospital died later friday morning , jones said .	the injured passenger at john peter smith died later in the morning ; his name has not been released , jones said .	3.643
i do n't know how legitimate this is , but i heard he 's kind of suicidal .	so , i do n't know how legitimate this is but yeah .	1.6
function in a particular manner when moving	have certain properties when driven .	1.8
a woman is cutting meat into pieces .	a woman is cutting up some meat .	4.800
create an edge or border	enclose in or as if in a frame .	2.600
iran moderate wins presidency by a large margin	iran threatens to trigger oil price war	0.4
you trouves in front of people , of characters that sometimes you do not know or are you just a few minutes to make them a photograph .	you find yourself in front of people , of characters that sometimes you do not know or give you just a few minutes to photograph them .	4
a man is playing the guitar .	a man seated in a room is playing the guitar .	4.000
two zebras are playing .	zebras are socializing .	4.250
billion . everyone in the world at mexico 's current prosperity level .	everyone in the world at the current `` prosperity '' level of northwest africa .	1.53333333333333
a man is cutting a snake to cook .	a woman is cutting meat .	2.000
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	big pax europe of today , like current prosperity pan-european , depends on it .	5.000
shelia chaney wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for turner monumental a.m.e. church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshippers said .	congregants of turner monumental ame church said shelia chaney wilson , 43 , was agitated when she came to the church , in the kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .	3.600
gazans fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries	2 gaza rockets hit israel ; no injuries	4.8
i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .	god bless i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .	5
( baseball ) tag the base runner to get him out .	tag the base runner to get him out .	5.000
how to make good coffee in a moka pot ?	how to make more than one good cup of coffee with a moka pot ?	4
a blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down .	a red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down .	2.6
make shine	make ( a surface ) shine .	4.333
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use . various properties of the artifact may be specified , such as its creator , time_of_creation , name , type , and the material of which it is composed . the artifact may or may not be a physical entity .	a stout length of sawn timber ; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes	0.2
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can really object to this trend .	4.000
u.s. drone kills five militants in pakistan	six police officers killed in attacks in dagestan	0.4
the commission dropped charges that patton improperly appointed conner to the kentucky lottery board and that he improperly appointed conner 's then-husband , seth , to the agriculture development board .	patton also appointed conner to the kentucky lottery board and appointed seth conner to the agriculture development board , the commission says .	2.500
the face of the franchise : the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !	the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !	4.4
excellent ! ? : # obama accelerating troops withdrawal from # afghanistan , several months ahead of schedule : ?	obama , karzai to speed military transition	2.6
algerian field strike retaliation over mali , reports say -	briton killed in algerian gas field attack	1
`` whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough , '' covello told the 49-year-old , whose family , friends and supporters filled half the courtroom .	`` what has happened to you , sir , by way of punishment , is certainly more than enough , '' covello said .	3.000
the others were given copies of `` dr. atkins ' new diet revolution '' and told to follow it .	the researchers gave copies of `` dr. atkins ' new diet revolution '' to the carb-cutters .	2.500
matt smith to leave doctor who after 4 years	matt smith quits bbc ’ s doctor who	4
17 killed , 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern iraq	2 killed , 6 wounded in clashes in northern lebanon	0.6
a useful_location is accessible to some ( possibly generic ) theme despite a potential barrier , or is not accessible because of the barrier .	having skin rich in melanin pigments ;	0
wave of bombings kills 15 in iraq	car bombs kill at least 49 in iraq	2.2
thai government says elections feb. 2	philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed	0.00
george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam .	the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam .	1.00
a white dog is running through the water at a beach	a white dog is running through the water onto the shore .	4.60
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other regions , the sharia is imposed .	4.750
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing .	3.6
how do i pump up water pressure in my shower ?	how can i fix low water pressure in one shower ?	4
militants stage pakistan jailbreak	taliban prison break : 250 militants escape after attack on pakistan jail	3
the root or base form of a word	the removal of an opponent 's piece from the chess board .	0
train going down the tracks .	a black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks .	3.8
bring into general popular/common use	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public ; bring into general or common use .	3.000
could be a lot of things .	could be a simple mistake .	2.2
two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car .	the men are putting suitcases into the car 's trunk .	4.400
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i invite prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to take action pursuant and to make to it so that , in.liaison.with this parliament , these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned .	4.600
halabi 's military attorney , air force maj. james key , denied the charges , which could carry a death penalty .	the attorney representing al-halabi , air force maj. james key iii , denied the charges , according to the associated press .	3.200
a person is boiling noodles .	a woman is boiling noodles in water .	4.000
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we have started to have trade on this issue , where it appears that all member states wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	4.200
egypt ministry again urges end to pro-morsi protests	egypt : child killed in cairo clashes after pro-morsi protest	2.8
accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months .	5.000
pg & e corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $ 15.59 on the new york stock exchange on tuesday .	pg & e 's shares gained 24 cents to $ 15.44 during tuesday 's trading on the new york stock exchange .	2.200
four men admit london stock exchange bomb plot	four men admit london bombs plot	4
the switch determines whether the path is open or closed .	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	1.20
a man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling .	a man is swinging on a rope .	3.400
just so long as the tax on that sale is paid .	just so long as the tax is paid .	3.8
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets .	their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government .	0.50
the act of reasoning , cogitation	the act of beginning something new .	0.6
the 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .	among them are conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .	3.600
the finger next to the thumb , forefinger	the finger next to the thumb .	4.500
former south african archbishop desmond tutu said sunday he did not see what `` all the fuss '' was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .	south africa 's nobel laureate archbishop desmond tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop , but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .	4.500
this is gon na be fantastic for entertainment :	? south park ? creators to start company , important studios	0.2
supply with a constant flow of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting .	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting .	4.750
study : college-educated weathered downturn best :	study shows college degree ? s value during economic downturn	2.8
adapt oneself to new or different conditions .	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .	4.500
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	b and c are in the same path with the battery	5.00
a man is slicing an onion .	a woman is slicing a pumpkin .	2.250
an airplane sitting on the tarmac at an airport with another plane in the background .	white and green commercial airliner taking off of runway .	3.2319
a girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .	a tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet .	0
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam .	however , a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within islam .	4.750
investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of campbell 's personal and financial affairs , campbell has acknowledged .	investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of campbell 's personal and financial affairs , the former mayor has said .	3.750
a motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape .	a motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening .	3.4
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .	3.80
a man is riding a bicycle .	a man is riding a bike .	5.000
austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home	4.4
the bailout was bigger than tarp bloomberg news .	the bailout was bigger than tarp this title is misleading .	3.8
women have 'taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed . '	op-ed columnist : military women and the front lines	2
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden , forcible contact with an impactee , or manipulates two ( or more ) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact .	drive something violently into a location ;	0.8
as i asked , where 's the 6 trillion dollars in that graph ?	can you explain where the 6 trillion dollars is in that graph ?	5
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder .	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking .	1.4
pak : 20 dead in anti-islam film protests	25 injured in anti-islam film protest in islamabad , pakistan	2.2
yeager said the suspect in the target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender .	yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated , but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender .	3.714
`` the electrical state difference between the battery '' '' s two terminals ''	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.80
write as if with print , not in cursive	write as if with print ; not cursive .	5.000
actor noah wyle , who has played dr. john carter since the shows inception in 1994 , extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season .	noah wyle , who has played dr. john carter since the series launched in 1994 , has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer warner bros. tv .	3.800
a building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot .	road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus .	0.2
gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria	2.40
two big brown dogs running through the snow .	a brown dog running through the grass .	2.00
i see some references to status as uncountable as well , but that does n't make much sense to me .	there are some cases `` status '' may be accounted of countable .	2.60
nytimes : talking , walking objects ( this is a fantasy world for geeky me )	opinion : our talking , walking objects	3.6
give interlinear explanations or citations for text	provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase .	3.6
afghan parliament approves u.s.-afghan security pact	afghan parliament approves u.s. partnership	3.8
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen	stingless male bee in a colony of social bees ( especially honeybees ) whose sole function is to mate with the queen .	3.750
video : rome 's colorful collosseum :	rome 's colosseum gives up secrets	2.8
they live in england and should speek english !	what does keeping england english even mean ?	1.90
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we preserve unanimity in the council and thus a latent incapacity to act .	4.000
yes , dull dialog should be removed completely ( or transformed to interesting dialog ) .	i agree with lauren 's answer : you need highs and lows in any story .	1.80
we welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and adopted by the general assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	we welcome the measures proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisations , with the preparatory process and the special session in september 2001 .	4.800
there is a gap in terminal 1	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.00
group of horses grazing in grassy field .	a group of horses grazing in a field .	4.6
two white cows in a green pasture .	the tan horse is in the pasture .	1.4
the most prestigious prize in fashion	the price the most prestigious fashion	2
a man is swinging in a rope .	a gibbon is swinging in the trees .	1.250
poll : cory booker takes early lead for n.j. senate	nigella lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade '	0.00
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.40
a gap wil be created	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	1.40
a young girl running on the beach .	a little girl running at on the shore of a beach .	4.20
`` we do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , '' declared rep. major owens ( d-brooklyn ) .	`` we do n't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place , '' he said .	3.500
explosion hits oil pipeline in syria 's homs	explosion hits pipeline as assad attacks cities	2.6
a woman is slicing garlics .	a woman is slicing an onion .	2.200
sco says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks .	details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks , mcbride said .	2.600
several people on motorcycles in a market square .	people on motorbikes in a city street .	4
duplicate , match	duplicate or match .	4.750
egypt set to lure gulf investors	egypt seeks to lure investors ...	3.4
this can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .	it has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .	0
the white ducks are standing on the ground .	a woman in a black hat is standing by the subway .	0
toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of sars and nine suspect cases .	as of wednesday , there were 65 probable sars cases in the toronto region .	3.250
a group of people are at a convention waving american flags .	a crowd of people at an outdoor event	2.40
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we preserve the unanimity at the council and thus a latent incapacity to act .	4.000
heavy fighting reported in syria 's aleppo	heavy fighting reported in damascus	1.4
a baby elephant is eating .	a baby elephant eats a sapling .	3.615
a man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink .	a man is emptying a plastic container .	2.200
the decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .	more than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .	4.000
declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	the declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the products of the crime .	4.800
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another .	0.6
a dog is barking at a ball .	a dog swims after a tennis ball .	1.500
amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited .	3.8
b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnap in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	( b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , linkohr and fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnapping in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	5.000
hollande defeats sarkozy in french presidency vote	polls open across france in presidential election	1.8
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the european community starting from a third country .	4.600
300 potential jimmy savile victims : police	uk : 300 potential savile abuse victims emerge	3.6
a person is cutting a potato .	a person is slicing a shallot .	1.000
sent from the cnn app for android at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.25
nyt reports on my intvu with ehud barak , links to daily beast # wef # israel # iran # nukes # war	defense official hints that israel is stepping back from plans to unilaterally attack iran	0.8
gu kailai murder trial ends in china	gu kailai 's murder trial ends in china	5
shares of corixa were gaining 71 cents , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the nasdaq .	in late-morning trading on the nasdaq stock market , corixa was up 74 cents , or 10 % , at $ 7.94 .	3.250
the process must happen in the blink of an eye .	the process must be held in a heartbeat .	5
hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium .	4.6
a kitten is playing with a blue rope toy .	a kitten is playing with a toy .	4.400
i 'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official polisci name .	there are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question , which explain the seeming contradiction .	0.40
a woman is slicing an onion .	a women slicing lemons .	1.400
mixed reactions to nz same-sex marriage	new zealand legalizes same-sex marriage	2.2
jodie foster would care more about syria launching deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs	syria launches deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs	2.2
4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive side	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4.20
because the battery is not in a closed path .	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	4.00
gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate pcs .	what 's more , companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older pcs , the analyst firm said .	3.500
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
become due	become due for repayment .	3.000
the value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .	if the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .	3
emit or cause to emit noise	make a certain noise or sound .	3.750
completely use up a resource	use up the whole supply of .	4.8
the child in the red coat laid in the red mat .	the toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .	0.80
torres moving on after olympic bid fails	torres finishes 4th , misses out on sixth olympics	3
people ride and paddle a raft .	four people are floating on a raft .	2.250
two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .	two women walk there dogs at a dog show .	4.80
two little girls are playing on a trampoline .	two little boys are playing on a playground .	1.40
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace .	4.8
kansas department of health and environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .	statistics from the kansas department of health and environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year .	2.000
two years later , the insurance coverage would begin .	under the agreement , medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 .	2.800
an oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces .	a woman is slicing a carrot .	3.600
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this important mistaken is leading russia to its political ruin .	5.000
i wish i could be this man # paultheroux my # travel wish list via	paul theroux ? s travel wish list	3.6
submit , send to	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .	1.500
a woman is playing the guitar .	a person is playing a guitar .	4.000
a person is whisking eggs in a bowl .	a woman is beating two eggs in a bowl using a wire whisk .	3.800
japan pm dissolves lower house for election	iran and world powers set for nuclear talks	0
brazil 's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .	unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .	3.8
someone is feeding a animal .	someone is playing a piano .	0.000
this was repeated during the three years in the elections of the bundestag of 2005 , i.e . at the time of the much-discussed stoiber .	this has said there are three years in the elections of the bundestag of 2005 , i.e . at the time of the much-discussed stoiber .	4
obama mourns death of icon nelson mandela	south africans mourn , celebrate mandela	1.8
horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in uk and ireland	horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain and ireland	4.8
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis . this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result .	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment ;	2.6
using the vector space model for information retrieval models all pages and queries as high-dimensional sparse vectors .	a possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .	4
i hope everything is ok !	i hope your lo is ok .	1.6
a black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .	a black dog runs fast into shallow water .	2.20
that compared with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .	earnings were affected by a non-recurring $ 8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period .	1.600
gas prices creep up a bit	gas prices tick up slightly	5
is it me , or is the main ingredient in coke sugar ? in ads , coke confronts soda ? s link to obesity	coke tv ads confront obesity and soda ? s role	3.8
sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .	sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .	4.000
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	3.60
two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	two children lying in the snow making snow angels	3.80
from the year prior .	warmed.c from the year prior .	3
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	nevertheless , i would like to say to the house this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the european union spends only 1 % of the gdp of the member states and that the bulk of this money is managed in the member states .	4.600
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits taiwan	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits sw pakistan	1.2
gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan	gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in pakistan	4
putin declares victory in russian presidential vote	putin 'wins ' russia 's presidential election	3.8
an itemized statement of money owed	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered .	3.6
floods in central europe continue to create havoc	europe floods continue to create havoc	4.60
china yuan weakens to 6.3282 against usd monday	china 's yuan weakens against usd for third day	3.2
they 're looking at each other !	why are they looking at each other like that ? ! ? !	2.8
`` spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , '' they announced at a press conference yesterday .	`` spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , '' wyden and dorgan said monday in a letter to the pentagon .	3.500
airlines cancel 'flytilla ' activists ' tickets to ta	uk airline cancels 'flytilla ' tickets on israel objections	3.2
if you are going to italy , the video game museum vigamus in rome will be the place to visit .	the computerspielemuseum in berlin claims to have been `` the world 's first permanent exhibition devoted to digital interactive entertainment culture . ''	1.8270
two eagles perched on a branch .	two bald eagles perched on a branch .	3.8
they do n't taste identical at all , and even more important , they do n't smell the same .	black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the piper nigrum plant .	2.60
a small black dog is in the grass .	a black dog is running in the grass .	3.60
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .	0.944
black bird sitting on a concrete slab .	black bird standing on concrete .	4
a man plays a keyboard .	a person is playing the keyboard .	4.000
a multi-colored train on a track .	a mostly black train on a track .	2.8
the peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .	in object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .	1
fourth arrest in body-in-bin probe	three held after body found in bin	3.9738
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would also have liked to see the report of the court of auditors was a little more user-friendly and that he had tabled a number of clear recommendations , for example , one or two recommendations by chapter .	5.000
the man is slicing a fish open .	a man is slicing a potato .	2.200
put into or keep in a stall	bring into a different state .	0
people exploited the laws .	people bent the laws .	2.8
the process of cultivating the land , possibly as a way of life .	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life .	4.2
if the path is open the bulb will be off	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	2.00
putin signs crimea annexe treaty	09:32 putin signs off crimea annexation	3.60
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	there are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .	2.80
two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .	a brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .	2.00
libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries	libya closes borders , declares martial law in south	3.4
bbc news : deaths in ukraine and poland in freezing europe weather	ukraine : europe hit by deadly cold snap	3.0174
pro-russia rebels downed malaysian plane : ukraine	russia preparing counterproposals over ukraine	1.80
grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk .	a man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass .	0.2
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( about 13.9 billion us dollars ) .	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( approximately 13.9 billion us dollars ) to the uk defense company bae systems .	3.2
same here , i 've the 50mm f/1.4 , and as my fastest lens i could n't live without it for concerts and low-light photography .	i have the 18-55 , 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20d - superseded by a 50d .	2.60
a man is playing the trumpet .	someone is playing with a toad .	0.800
the complete haploid sequence of dna of an organism	the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism ; the full dna sequence of an organism .	3.2
knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility .	it is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility .	4.800
la vision am ? ricaine sur m.kaspersky est peu flatteuse security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign	3
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who reject reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back the seat of a car .	4.400
north korea : experts call for dialogue ‚äď and say china must play a part	north korea cuts last ties with south by barring joint industrial park	0.80
a small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole	3.00
the man is shaking hands with other men .	a man is shaking another mans hand .	4.333
a black dog is running through the snow .	the black and brown dog is running through the snow .	4.00
a man is dicing an onion .	the man is playing the guitar .	0.400
kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .	analysts surveyed by thomson first call had expected kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter .	2.400
states get extension on # healthexchange timetable : : states get extra time to set up exchanges # aca # hcr	states will be given extra time to set up health insurance exchanges	4.6
a man pours rice into a pot .	a man is putting rice in a bowling pot .	4.200
a black and white photo of a woman showing a horse .	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls .	1.4
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length	censure severely or angrily .	0.500
four u.s. air force helicopter crew members killed in uk crash	us air force helicopter crew killed in british crash	4
in islamist-led egypt , coptic church names new pope	egyptian christians choose new pope	3.2
because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.00
there is no `` war '' in the middle east .	there is no war in the middle east .	4.6
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue .	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney 's speech on china 's military development .	2.2
the man talked on the telephone .	girls are walking on the stage .	0.000
two people walking along the shore at sunset .	two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .	3.00
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right for a government to dismiss its constitution arbitrarily is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	5.000
the two dogs blend in with the stuff animals .	two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals .	3.4
us drone strike kills three in northwest pakistan	us drone strike kills seven in north waziristan	2.4
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place .	0
florida the ignorance is yours !	the ignorance is yours !	3.4
in a not-too-subtle swipe at dean , he predicted americans would not elect a democrat `` who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ''	they will not elect as president a democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ''	3.500
i 've used paint shop pro and dxo optics pro on windows .	in linux i use bibble , which is has some warts but which is the only serious option afaict .	0.80
a man is playing flute .	a man is petting a tied up dog .	0.200
barack obama 's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	obama backs same-sex marriage	2.6
the bodies of some of the dead , pulled out from under the train , were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins .	the bodies of many of the dead , pulled from under the partially derailed train , were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification .	3.250
fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane .	5.000
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form . manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	( phonetics ) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language	1.2
algeria mounts military operation to rescue al qaeda hostages	algeria mulls international force for hostages	2.2
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo , on my belly and scared .	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo , on my belly and scared .	4.00
what are your goals ?	what are you goals ?	5
the helicopter burst into flames upon impact , according to the mohave county sheriff 's office .	the helicopter was owned by las vegas-based sundance helicopters inc. , according to the sheriff 's office .	2.000
her body was found several weeks later in the green river .	aug. 15 , 1982 : remains of chapman , hinds and mills are found in the green river .	2.600
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the news	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose .	4.000
powerful 7.6 quake strikes off solomons	powerful 6.9 quake strikes off california coast	2.20
ada bryant and robert haire you go girl ! !	ada bryant , robert haire ? weddings	2.4
man , 19 , quizzed over teen murder	man quizzed over megan-leigh murder	3.8
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant .	4.750
a switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.00
( the act of making ) a measurement of something .	the act of removing or getting rid of something .	0.4
about damn time ! ! ! new york governor signs nation 's first gun-control bill since newtown -	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting	4.2
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade ( as in a road ) .	4
as others have mentioned , the irobot roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work .	i 've been happy with the irobot roomba for floor cleaning .	3.60
mandela to spend christmas in hospital	mandela movie to open this month in south africa	0.2
my parents have told me it is bad for you .	my teachers have told me it is bad for you .	2.8
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which has just been voted , does not reflect it .	4.200
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my view , however , there is nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in their favour can only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence .	4.000
an old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .	the baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .	1.20
two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead .	two woman pose in a dining room with a baby .	0
a man shappens a knife .	a man carries a women .	0.500
an anxious feeling ; a feeling of sympathy for someone or something ; something or someone that causes anxiety ; a source of unhappiness	the adjectives and nouns in this frame describe an experiencer who is feeling or experiencing a particular emotional response to a stimulus or about a topic . there can also be a circumstances under which the response occurs or a reason that the stimulus evokes the particular response in the experiencer .	3.0174
bulb a and bulb c still had a complete path to the battery	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	4.66666666666667
protests continue in tense ukraine capital	protests continue in ukraine 's capital	5.00
a lion is walking in an enclosed area .	a lion is walking around .	2.600
the food and drug administration rejected imclone 's 2001 application to sell erbitux , citing shoddy research .	the u.s. food and drug administration rejected imclone 's original application in december 2001 , saying the trial had been sloppily conducted .	2.800
the index , which measures activity in the service sector , climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in march .	the arizona-based ism reported monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in march .	3.500
`` we need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . ''	he urged employees to `` avoid complacency '' and to `` change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . ''	3.750
new york passes gun control bill interesting , i like that they actually focused on mental health .	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting	3
be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning .	be a sign or indication of .	4.2
suicide bomber kills 20 in iraq	suicide bomber attacks primary school in iraq , kills 15	3.00
a baby is crawling happily .	a cat is walking on hardwood floor .	0.100
a small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .	a small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day .	4.6
a skunk is looking here and there .	a skunk looks at the camera .	2.400
a boat is on the water near a small plane .	a boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock .	3.4
two reported dead in shooting at empire state building in ny	2 dead in shooting outside empire state building	4.6
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.400
a cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera .	a tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera .	1.2
three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .	three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .	3.40
although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy , some types might contain listeria , which can cause serious problems .	as was mentioned , the problem with cheese is the potential for listeria .	3.20
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.40
an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something .	1
go figure you 're asking me to prove a negative ?	you 're asking me to prove a negative ?	4.6
tragic . my thoughts and prayers go out to all ... '' at least 220 killed in brazil nightclub fire ''	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.2
a man is slicing a tomato .	a man is riding a horse .	0.800
legally approve or ratify a person for a position	support a person for a position .	4.2
someone typed on a keyboard .	someone is typing .	4.500
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something .	0.8
none of the czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .	the problem is that trade of all mobile operators czech prohibit such a resale .	1
a statement , an idea expressed in language	a brief statement .	3.000
a man is playing the piano .	a woman is playing a guitar .	1.200
request or demand a response from someone ; challenge someone	make a request or demand for something to somebody .	3.6
the bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	0.80
allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .	4.500
what 's my opinion regarding the series ?	what was my opinion of firefly in the interim ?	2.8
this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all .	whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers , her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when i change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine .	3.00
nyt , `` mouse study discovers dna that controls [ burrowing ] behavior [ and whether escape tunnels are made ] ''	mouse study discovers dna that controls behavior	3.2
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch x .	2.80
au leaders meet for africa day	egypt youth leader detained for four days	0.6
something that is craved	something craved , especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug .	3.250
a thrusting weapon , as a sword	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard .	3.4
`` it was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , '' said a republican who attended but did not want to be named .	`` it was a brazen attempt at intimidation , '' said a republican legislator who attended the meeting .	3.500
an object impairs the respiration of someone or something .	the relation of comprising something .	0.6
over 50 , and under no illusions over 50 ? invent yourself everyday !	how 5 older workers saw a chance to remake their careers	1
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	the amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs .	4.833
look at or observe something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone .	2.4
the international community should modernize and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations .	the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation .	3.4
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing .	etre muslim and be islamic are two different things .	4.000
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	4.80
a black and white cow in hay .	a black and white cow in a pen with hay .	4
a man and woman are walking together through the woods .	a man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area .	4.000
in two weeks , he 'll probably send out peace rules in the preakness .	frankel said peace rules will run in the preakness stakes on may 17 .	3.600
nokia apologises for 'faked ' ad	us waives riders for pak aid	0
`` it just seems like all the issues that we support , he does n't , '' said gabriela lemus of lulac .	`` it just seems like all the issues that we support he does n't , '' said gabriela lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation .	4.200
someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill .	a man drills a hole in a piece of wood .	3.200
a man and a dog are playing tug of war .	a man dances on a colorful wall .	0.40
this is a problem that the professor has to deal with .	this is a big problem .	1
a cat is sliding upside down under a couch .	a cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it 's back .	3.200
governor gray davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $ 2 billion .	state officials estimated the cost at nearly $ 2 billion .	3.500
originally posted by vienna how was it authoritarian ?	originally posted by zaf i give up .	0.6
syria journalists rescue bid fails	journalists smuggled out of homs	0.6
`` these changes may affect a large number of existing web pages , '' the statement continued .	still , changes to ie `` may affect a large number of existing web pages , '' according to the w3c 's notice .	3.000
a woman is grating carrots .	a woman is coating a pork chop .	1.600
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .	an hour later israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .	4.250
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing .	3.75
iran backs proposal for meeting on syria conflict	iran says israel lying about rockets	0.40
the act of intentionally omitting something	have flavor ; taste of something .	0
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	and , also , of his regime .	1.750
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause	take up or begin anew .	2.250
should i negotiate if i 'm offered more than what i initially asked for ?	i was offered the minimum salary i requested , should i ask for more ?	4
i 've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn .	its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer .	1.60
fitch upgrades ford to investment grade	fitch restores ford credit to investment grade	3.6
east ukraine separatists ask to join russia	crimean parliament votes to join russia	2.80
us stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	stocks fall on third day of government shutdown	4.6
in shock move , obama puts syria strike on hold	obama puts syria strike on hold	4.6
( cause to ) increase in anxiety .	cause to run in panic .	3.6
turkish riot police tear gas taksim square protest	turkish riot police enter taksim square	3.00
two french journalists killed after mali kidnapping	two french journalists abducted , killed in northern mali	4.60
a man is playing guitar .	a boy is talking to a giant dog .	0.000
glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada	'glee ' star cory monteith found dead	4.40
because it would cause a gap	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	0.67
two of the britons , sandy mitchell from glasgow and glasgow-born william sampson , face the death penalty .	sandy mitchell , 44 , from kirkintilloch , glasgow , and william sampson , a british citizen born in glasgow , face beheading in public .	3.250
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction , not to which the european parliament has been seeking for a long time already .	4.000
there is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.00
the bulb terminal has no gap and the bulb will light	there is a gap .	2.66666666666667
bulbs b and c are on the same path as the battery	b and c are in the same path with the battery	5.00
that is exactly what happened : no , it is n't , unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality .	but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality .	2.17
anti-putin protesters form human chain in moscow	anti-putin protesters form human chain	3.8
israeli soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny west bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a us-backed mideast peace plan .	israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the west bank yesterday - an israeli obligation under a new mideast peace plan .	3.800
following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .	a variation of the pagerank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .	1
the california farm bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	the california farm bureau did not immediately have an official response to tuesday 's ruling .	3.800
a red double decker bus on a crowded street .	a white bus partially in the snow on a public street .	2
the identification or the realization of something	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something .	0
a man is playing a flute in a band .	a man is playing a guitar .	1.600
a tiger is playing with his trainer .	a tiger attacks a man .	1.333
up to 50 dead in spanish train crash	over 70 dead in spanish high-speed train crash	3.4
the industry 's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list .	meantime , the direct marketing association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .	3.200
meteorite hits central russia , more than 500 people hurt	meteorite hits central russia , 400 hurt	3
how much do you know about secret service ?	lawmakers from both sides express outrage at secret service	1
a man is holding a leaf .	a monkey is fighting a man .	0.000
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the slaughter of whole herds principle was applied and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon .	4.750
a female applies something to he hair with her hands .	a cat is eating a slice of watermelon .	0.000
two cows standing in a large field .	the cow is grazing in a field .	2.8
a europe for all	all europe	4.667
for the same reason as 3	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	0.17
pm in tehran , asks nam to take clear stand on syria	manmohan in tehran , asks nam to take a stand on syria	3.8
yes , it 's probably a good idea to renew your passport .	it 's a good idea .	3
the difference between `` necessary '' and `` sufficient '' is the direction of the logical arrow .	sufficient is an upper bound , necessary is a lower bound .	2.00
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the report cashman can come down in some words : the power of the citizens on officialism .	4.500
two of our favorite partners , and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute .	ford announces in-car voice commands for amazon 's cloud music	1.8
man sets himself on fire on the national mall	man sets himself on fire at washington 's national mall	4.8
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	in 1996 , the european parliament was in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to .	3.800
this frame has to do with the repetition ( and especially the frequency of repetition ) of an event . many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame .	having no special distinction or quality ; widely known or commonly encountered ; average or ordinary or usual ;	0
but price declines have remained below 30 percent , year over year , for the last two quarters , said idc analyst john mcarthur .	mcarthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters .	3.750
i 'd offer iran a deal .	chuck i 'd offer iran a deal .	4.2
why did that transaction take place .	did the transaction take place ?	2.4
4 french soldiers reported killed in afghanistan	british soldier killed in afghanistan	1
hong kong universities collaborate with universities , businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education , business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .	5
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured , or metonymically , entity had formerly existed , in a location .	an indication that something has been present ;	3.2
since the pagerank is the most important algorithms which is used in the google engine .	the pagerank is a recursive algorithm used by google to determine which webpages are more important than others .	3
be located at or on top of something	make a film or photograph of something .	0
state of being active , bustling about	the trait of being active ; moving or acting rapidly and energetically .	4.6
a man is cutting paper with a sword .	a woman is cutting a tomato .	0.600
a woman holds a kangaroo .	a woman is picking up a kangaroo .	3.250
the act or capability of seeing	the act of looking or seeing or observing .	4.2
zimmerman replied , `` what are you doing here ? ''	martin said , `` why are you following me ? ''	0.9
a woman shoots a shotgun .	the woman is shooting a rifle .	2.800
cause to assume a condition	put into a certain state ; cause to be in a certain state .	4
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc. , said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war .	government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war .	3.4
terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4.60
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as the european parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , they initiatives european council presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the un peace plan ?	4.600
cnn : helicopter crash rains debris on london street	helicopter crashes in london rush hour	3.6
they will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams .	they will continue to put pressure on the money they earned with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grams enables them to improve their position .	4.000
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not want in the treaty , which shows that this text must be put aside .	3.000
make physical contact with , possibly with the effect of physically manipulating .	cause to be in brief contact with .	2.333
force to go away by blinking one eye .	force to go away by blinking .	4.4
make or create something for a specific function .	make something , usually for a specific function .	4
# wtf it happened again . police : 7 men gang rape bus passenger in # india -	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	2.6
does this page answer your question ?	does this answer your questions ?	4
if so , state that is why they 're not true .	please , what about them are not true .	3.2
a little boy is playing a guitar .	a boy is playing guitar .	4.600
dreamliner fix : 'it 's not easy ' - this a big mess that is not easy .	787 dreamliner fix : 'it 's not easy '	4
a long train is on train tracks .	a train on the train tracks .	4.2
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written .	this is the spirit in which must be drawn up the european constitution .	4.750
no update on nelson mandela 's condition	nelson mandela 's condition improves	2.20
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.80
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	everyone who works are currently obtiendraient undeclared work in decent social conditions .	3.400
a tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .	a red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	3.00
indicate a decision or prediction	indicate a decision in regard to .	3.4
new world trade centre tallest building in us	one world trade center named tallest us building	4.6
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia .	4.6
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	that is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the european people 's party .	4.600
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position .	4.7
give equal rights to , as of the right to vote .	give equal rights to ; of women and minorities .	3.000
`` generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , '' gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .	generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction , '' gates writes .	4.200
a girl is playing a violin .	a baby is laughing and giggling .	0.250
intend something to move toward a certain goal	intend ( something ) to move towards a certain goal .	5.000
flog or whip	beat severely with a whip or rod .	2.750
a project or undertaking	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something .	3.250
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with the employees , and the european competitiveness and growth will recede .	4.750
the theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .	it is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .	3
a man is singing .	a man is dancing .	0.500
like chris said above , stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum .	stars are rotating , but that 's not the cause for their stability .	3.40
a man is peeling potato .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.400
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime .	4.400
all 224 dead in russian airliner mystery crash	heat flash detected at time of russian airliner crash	2
the electrical state will be different in the gap	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	2.66666666666667
cook slowly for a long time in liquid	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid .	5.000
( cause to ) become widely distributed .	become or cause to become obstructed .	0
three no votes would kill it for now .	it would take three votes to kill the acc 's expansion .	3.667
drench periodically with liquid while cooking	cover with liquid before cooking .	2.2
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the book is in itself a sign of israel `` .	2.500
because it is not on the same path	if bulb a burns out , bulbs b and c are still in a closed path	1.20
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right conditions for countries which are knocking on our door .	3.200
mr. bush had sought to store his papers in his father 's presidential library , where they would have stayed secret for a half-century .	in texas , public watchdog groups opposed mr. bush 's efforts to house his papers at his father 's presidential library , where they would have remained secret for a half-century .	3.333
the positive battery terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	4.80
who is jihadi john ?	who was 'jihadi john ? '	5
the elephants are bathing .	two women are singing .	0.000
dysfunction or ailment of the heart	a disease of the heart .	4.4
a man and woman blow bubbles .	a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .	4.20
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea .	4.250
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 4 .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
botany -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes , which absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground .	( botany ) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes ; absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground .	4.750
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed . some of the words in this frame ( e.g . argue ) are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense .	imply as a possibility ;	0.8
here is my question , is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better ?	public lashes out at armstrong	1
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	4
germany to move 674 tons of gold # germany # europe # usa	germany to repatriate some of its gold reserves	3.2
a man is carrying another man .	a man sprays another man with water from a hose .	0.800
israeli soldier hits palestinian child in hebron	israeli soldiers kill palestinian woman in west bank	1.2
asteroid zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by	4.4
the woman is sitting on the red motorcycle .	the white sheep is standing on the green hill .	0
make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants .	3.8
similar bills passed the house twice but died in the senate .	two years ago , the house passed a similar version that floundered in the senate .	2.750
the campaign by mr obama stresses that 'students african-american and latin have less chance of diplômer white students . `` this is true .	the campaign by mr obama stresses that `` african-american and latin students have less chance of granduating than white students . '' this is true .	5
russians rally against putin 's rule	tens of thousands rally against putin 's rule ( ap )	3.4
ex-first lady barbara bush leaves texas hospital	former first lady barbara bush leaves hospital	4.6
switch y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb a	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	4.00
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , mister the police chief .	2.500
with the collapse of the investment bank lehman brothers two weeks ago , the allocation of appropriations between banks has again expressed constant significantly , the banks that have accumulated their liquidity .	with the collapse of the investment bank lehman brothers two weeks ago , the allocation of appropriations between banks has again been delayed significantly , the banks having accumulated their liquidity .	4
panda 's play on a swing .	a man is playing guitar .	0.800
malaysia detains australian senator at airport	malaysia detains australian lawmaker at airport	4
the coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot , as the coffee is acidic .	one idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot .	1
ryan harvey , an outfielder from dunedin high school in florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the chicago cubs .	ryan harvey , a high school outfielder from florida , was chosen sixth by the cubs .	4.200
philippines defers comment on taiwan fisher attack	bin laden 's continuing sway shown in kenya mall attack	0.40
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose	provide with ( something ) usually for a specific purpose .	4.667
you should put scientists on a pedestal .	why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal ?	3.4
syria forces launch aleppo attack	syrian forces kill 54 ahead of annan peace mission	1.6
9/11 defendants ignore judge at guantanamo hearing	sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing	1
my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died .	my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried .	1.00
a man is getting into a car .	a man is getting into a car in a garage .	3.833
a man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet .	a man removes food from a bag .	1.750
a dog is standing in the sand .	a tan dog is standing in front of some plants .	2.00
drug lord captured by marines in mexico	suspected drug lord known as ‘ el taliban ’ held in mexico	2.6
where can i find a good vocabulary list ?	where can i find a good online thesaurus ?	1
glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	earthquake death toll rises to 260	0.60
`` we are expending all available resources toward the investigation , '' said assistant u.s. attorney todd greenberg , a counterterrorism prosecutor in seattle .	`` we are aware of the situation , '' said assistant us attorney todd greenberg , a counter-terrorism prosecutor in seattle .	2.667
a group of people standing in the street	a woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street .	2.60
a black and white photo of a glass bottle of coca cola .	this is a black and white picture of a short squat coca-cola bottle .	4.2
a white bird flying up onto a tree .	a white cat laying on a sheet .	1.2
on point ... 5 wine words not to fear	the pour : in describing wines , 5 words not to fear	4.2
a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .	a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .	4.00
.nazi is a slang term for the nswp .	originally posted by odins eye .nazi is a slang term for the nswp .	4.6
it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon .	being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either , yet , all of you consider yourselves americans .	1.50
board chancellor robert bennett declined to comment on personnel matters tuesday .	mr. mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .	1.750
consider again , usually with a view to changing	consider again ( a bill ) that had been voted upon before , with a view to altering it .	4.000
a loss of function	loss of ability to function normally .	4.250
aust stocks open lower	tokyo stocks open lower	1.5
`` it is about a third of what i owe in the world , '' he told reporters .	it ai n't coming to me , but it 's only about a third of what i owe in the world .	3.750
euro crisis is over , says france 's francois hollande	eurozone debt crisis is over , says france 's president	4
headlines in major iranian newspapers on sept 30	headlines in major iranian newspapers on nov 21	3.00
on tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .	the central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .	4.000
a women painting a chair with a dining room in the background .	a man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background .	0
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .	contribute to the progress or growth of .	4.85
their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , turned himself in in june ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with saudi forces .	their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , surrendered in june ; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with saudi forces recently .	5.000
process , or refine in a reverberating furnace	treat , process , heat , melt , or refine in a reverberatory furnace .	4.2
a woman is climbing a cliff .	a woman is climbing a rock face .	4.500
indian police round up all five suspects in mumbai rape case	mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case	3.8
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is indisputable that reaches to the turkish government .	4.750
the state of being in working order	the state of being actual or real .	0
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation .	3.4
it is an excellent indicator of climate change .	i think we all agree on the nature of the change .	2
what a loss of a great & inspirational mind ! internet activist , a creator of rss , is dead at 26 , apparently a suicide	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26	3.4
the british foreign office said monday that coalition authorities in iraq were pleased that the men were freed .	the british foreign office said it had mediated the two men 's release .	2.600
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .	a business chinese influence , which shares his time between hong kong and london , was more precise .	4.750
man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .	a woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .	0.00
philly high schoolers , join the conversation . : would you feel safer with armed guards in your school ?	the learning network blog : student opinion | would you feel safer with armed guards patrolling your school ?	3.8
two dogs play in the grass .	two tan dogs play in the snow .	2.60
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .	4.200
sayliyah was the command base for the iraq war , but central command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to tampa , florida .	as sayliyah was the command base for the iraq war , but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the united states .	3.400
a dog in in a car .	a dog is biting a mop .	1.00
laying claim , the act of taking possession of , or power over , something .	the act of taking possession of or power over something .	4.750
egypt votes on new constitution	egyptians voting on new constitution	5.00
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	1.40
'million muppet march ' to defend obama backing of pbs	million muppet march planned to defend u.s. backing for pbs	4
the train heads down the tracks and along the hedge .	a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence .	0
a man is lifting weights in a garage .	a man is lifting weights .	4.250
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue .	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces .	2.8
a red and gray train is going through a tunnel .	a red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees .	4.25
in some cases the implication could even be that tom does not love her .	there is no implication about tom whatsoever in such a sentence .	1.80
after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges drew the speech to an early close .	after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges cut his speech short .	5.000
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of adding one thing to another .	1.4
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .	5.000
the part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics .	side note first : i do n't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions .	0.60
mr levine confirmed that ms cohen alon had tried to sell the story during the world cup .	ms cohen alon 's lawyer , donald levine , confirmed she tried to sell the story in february .	3.438
saudi activists say they wo n't be silenced~~i hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully !	saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them	2.4
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces .	russia 's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary .	2
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction , which the european parliament for a long time .	4.200
the human act of making something new .	the act of raising something .	0.6
it was the best that could mark the jets at a time .	it was the highest jets score in one game .	2
a woman is flipping pancakes .	a cartoon chef is flipping pancakes .	2.533
the camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round , according to its web site .	the saint sophia camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round , according to its web site .	3.400
kobe bryant , wife say they are calling off # divorce -	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce	5
world sends emergency relief to battered philippines	typhoon haiyan : world sends relief to battered philippines	5.00
israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes	3.2
idec shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company , and biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent .	the companies said idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company .	3.000
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen inactive , are tired and disappointed .	5.000
i would look at this : u.s .	i would look at this way :	2
tycoon claims win in ukraine and promises to seek future in eu	polling stations open at ukrainian presidential election	0
barclays hit by fresh u.s. investigations	barclays hit by fresh us probe	4.4
become master of , overcome , dominate	get on top of ; deal with successfully .	4.000
physically grapple with an opponent	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose .	0
syria rebels leave besieged homs	syrian rebels retreat from besieged homs district	4.4
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something .	0.4
( cause to ) become a powder or as dust .	cause to become widely known .	0
a man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach .	a man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean 's shore .	2.2
mali future interim president readies to take office	pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy	0
cost or monetary value of goods or services	the high value or worth of something .	3
a train is at a train station .	the train sits at the train station .	4.2
egypt crackdown draws condemnation	egypt : egypt crackdown sparks global outrage	4.6
a man is swinging on a rope over water .	a man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .	3.00
i do n't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .	i do n't see why that should be a problem .	5
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .	4.2
a silver bicycle is parked in a living room .	a bicycle in a dining room .	2.4
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	nevertheless , i would like to say to the idea that we must not lose sight of the fact that the european union does not believe that 1 % of the gdp of the member states and that the bulk of this money is managed in the member states .	3.200
a woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them .	a man is walking with several dogs .	2.000
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	things worse when it comes to women 's distant countries which accepted this work by need and which have no other option to continue to provide for their vital needs .	4.000
these subproblems are not , however , independent .	it is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .	4
a boy plays baseball .	a man is playing baseball .	3.00
egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed	egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide	3
enclose in a protective covering .	cover with a protective sheathing .	4.4
us closes embassy in syria ( ap )	closed roads in armenia	0.4
ukraine hosts ‚äėunity talks‚äô	pope hits out at ‚äėwar to sell arms‚äô in syria	0.00
however , i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected .	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions .	2.80
vietnam detects signals from missing plane	china expands search area for missing plane	2.00
that ’ s normally the case .	that is the entire case .	2.40
germany warns greece : no more money without reforms	euro zone to greece : no rescue without reforms	2.6
indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in bali	3.2
a close up of a brown faced cat .	a close up of an ostrich face .	0.6
the man stirred the sauce for the chicken .	the man is stirring oil .	2.400
two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure .	two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed , fur-covered dome .	3.6
make more complex or intricate	make more complex , intricate , or richer .	3.750
a coal train traveling down the tracks .	an old train sits idle on the tracks .	2
you can use it , too .	yes , you can do it .	3
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of .	4.750
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .	the key is that when interest rates go up , the values of active fall .	4.750
quotes from leaders , family at mandela memorial	world unites for mandela memorial	2.40
i agree with the other comments .	i agree with the previous comments .	5
that triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in downtown washington and northern virginia .	his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown washington and northern virginia .	4.000
it would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person .	i 'm no herpetologist , but in my experience , snakes are in the `` you do n't bug me , i wo n't bug you '' category .	4.20
you do n't need to know everything .	you do n't have to know .	3
it is not in the same path as bulb a .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	1.60
the state of having one 's weight supported	the state of being connected .	0
a plant structure near the top of the plant .	a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom .	2.000
a plane being readied for take-off .	a small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac .	3.4
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	we attend today the change of a moslem identity for an islamist identity .	5.000
turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were turks .	ankara says all four suicide bombers were turkish .	4.200
bloomberg chips in a billion	bloomberg gives $ 1.1b to university	4
how to make a strong mug of filter coffee without any coffee machine ?	how to make a strong mug of instant coffee ?	2
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .	they are not as sovereign as they were before .	4.5
kollar-kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for january .	the judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late january .	2.800
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago .	ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others .	2
a woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk .	a women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk .	3.4
23 killed in iraq car bombings	10 killed in iraq bomb attack	1.6
govt . to hold talks with ftii students	cameron to hold talks with sturgeon on uk future	0
a young man is playing the piano .	a woman is peeling a prawn .	0.000
allowing them to set up camp , much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world ?	we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished ?	0.80
`` i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but i 'm not going to be negative about it '' .	`` i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it 's not our proposal , but i 'm not responding to it in a negative way , '' he said .	4.400
an entity exists at a particular location , at a particular time , as observed by an implicit observer . a depictive and/or duration phrase is often found . this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity 's existence . in some cases , the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	the state of being absent ;	0.4
he was also expected to visit yemen and bahrain during his tour of the region .	khatami , who arrived in beirut monday , was also to visit syria , yemen and bahrain .	3.400
two people are walking through some water .	two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .	1.20
australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	australian pm gillard ousted in leadership vote	4.00
what can i eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?	what trigger do you use to get up early in the morning ?	2
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	report maij-weggen ( a5-0323/2000 )	4.750
egyptian police fire tear gas at brotherhood protesters	india : tear gas fired at gang rape protesters	1.2
four people are rowing a boat near the shore .	four people are on a boat on green water .	2.8
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and also for your warm welcome , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the french presidency thank you .	5.000
impress or affect deeply ( emotionally ) .	impress or affect deeply .	4.750
since early may , the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows , jayroe said .	since early may , the city has received 1,400 reports , he said .	2.800
the event of proposing or volunteering something	the act of rejecting something .	0
chances are picking the seeds once it 's gone to seed is n't going to actually encourage new growth .	the longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better ( imho ) .	1.60
from the first discussions on this dossier , which were held at european level at the initiative of the european parliament , the commission has given a commitment to the member states to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a european police culture , grounded in the highest standards of duty , respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime .	since the first thoughts on this issue , which took place at european level on the initiative of the european parliament , the commission is committed to the member states to promote action to develop what we might regard as a european police culture , based on the highest standards in the field of ethics , respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens , and effectiveness in the fight against crime .	4.800
wow . a brief but eye-opening piece in the : a pedophile in plain sight	opinion : at poly prep , a pedophile in plain sight	3.4
a woman is playing the flute .	a man is playing a flute .	2.750
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	4.00
change one for another	give to , and receive from , one another .	1.600
the department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .	water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .	3.250
a woman plays the flute .	a woman is playing the flute .	5.000
six dogs running on the sandy beach .	six dogs walking beside the beach .	3.40
satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence !	. satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek !	1.6
extreme weather : expect the unexpected	extreme weather grows in frequency and intensity around world	2.6
a black and white dog is jumping into the water .	a white dog runs across the water .	2.80
a kid is playing an instrument .	a young boy is playing a wind instrument .	3.800
because only one of the bulb terminals is bad .	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	1
a woman is slipping in the water-tub .	a woman is lying in a raft .	0.800
if you could kill one person to save four , would you ?	as to would i kill person to save , i have no idea .	2
the dogs play in the snow on hind legs .	two dogs play in the snow .	3.80
118 people killed in twin blasts in nigeria	ten killed in new blast in russia	1.40
the forceful hit of a ball	hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver .	2.750
the euro soared to us $ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slipping back slightly to us $ 1.1895 as trading opened in europe .	the euro soared to $ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slipping back to $ 1.1884 in late european trading , up from $ 1.1857 late monday .	3.600
u.s. income tax & charitable donations : how much is income tax reduced by donations ?	uk income tax & charitable donations : how much is income tax reduced by donations ?	2
coerce by violence , fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats .	4
hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration .	0.2
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .	5.000
no healthy person needs gambling .	no healthy person needs sex .	1.4
an embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream .	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries .	0.00
english works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness .	i traveled around maharashtra ( including mumbai ) and andhra pradesh and i had no problem getting by with just english .	2.80
look through a book or some other written material ( for information ) .	look through a book or other written material .	4.6
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation .	0
a terminal is connected to another terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	2.20
it is a serious threat to international security .	it presents a major threat to global security .	4.2
u.s. retailers agree to bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new bangladesh factory safety pact	4.00
vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	the order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .	4
move back and forth	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern .	2.000
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as the european parliament asked it in its resolution of march 16 , 2000 , that they initiatives the presidency of the european council does hope to take to play a more active part in order to guarantee the application full and whole peace plan of uno ?	4.200
i know they are not saving and i just cant understand !	things are so big and strange .	0.00
a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction , dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not . often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it , and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority . they may or may not be created by some official legislative body .	a body of rules followed by an assembly	2.2
the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget .	( bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried , reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his `` stimulus ii '' wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now ! )	2.00
iran may cut oil exports to more eu states	iran mps say ready to ban oil exports to some eu states	3.6
tropical storm heads for pass along honduras coast	tropical storm warnings for southeast coast	1.4
an aeromexico jet taxing along a runway .	a silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac .	3.2
a woman is dancing .	a woman is slicing ginger .	0.250
women first appeared in the modern olympics in croquet at the 1900 olympics .	in 1900 , the second modern olympic games , 22 women competed in 5 events : tennis , sailing , croquet , equestrian , and golf .	3.20
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .	the `` effect '' people are talking about is n't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes .	1.60
two people sitting on a large motorcycle .	two eagles sitting on a long branch .	0.4
a woman is stabbing a potato with a fork .	a woman is puncturing a potato with a fork .	5.000
`` we 're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible , '' kennedy said .	`` there 's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible , '' commissioner susan kennedy said .	3.800
shankill blast victims to be remembered	crocodile victim 's body recovered	0.20
food price hikes raise concerns in iran	american chris horner wins tour of spain	0.00
'it 's either too late or too early to intervene in syria '	un chief : inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in syria	1.60
a kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole .	a little kid is running around a fishing pole .	2.500
bulbs a , b , and c are all in the same path .	a and c are in the same path	3.40
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present .	3.500
man who set himself on fire on national mall dies of injuries	man 'who set himself ablaze ' on national mall dies	5
have a great affection , liking , or desire for	have a great affection or liking for .	5
shares of littleton , colorado-based echostar rose $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10:55 a.m .	on monday , echostar ( dish : news , chart , profile ) shares shrank $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 .	2.000
the episcopal diocese of central florida became one of the first in the nation saturday to officially reject the national denomination 's policies on homosexuality .	the episcopal diocese of central florida voted saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination 's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop .	2.750
bulb b created a gap	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	0.40
a man is skating down a set of stairs .	the man is skiing down a snowy hill .	0.80
the upper part of a column .	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature .	4.4
bioreliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .	shares of bioreliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .	5.000
take in ( mentally or physically )	take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution .	0.8
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal	take a walk for one 's health or to aid digestion , as after a meal .	4.500
a girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .	a group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .	1.60
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	remember this is your degree we are talking about , its up to you what you want to do .	0
the worst kind of poor flying judgement . stunt plane barely missing two people prompts faa probe .	video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts faa probe	3.6
i 'd say it primarily depends on two things :	i 'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want ?	2
u.n. condemns ethnic killings in south sudan oil town	un condemns ethnic killings in south sudan	4.60
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .	a man of influential , which shares his time between hong kong and london , has even been more precise .	4.750
a black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .	a bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background .	0
that does n't make any sense .	it just does n't make sense .	4.60
a white dog with red ears is running in the snow .	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	0.60
they say so much about it , i do know , many things are not true .	but i do not know how to prove it .	1
in hinduism and buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic .	this relates to the `` discovery '' of asian , and other non-european cultures by americans .	0.00
three men are doing same dance in the street .	three shirtless men are dancing in the street .	3.800
and videos seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .	seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .	4.6
have a disagreement or quarrel over something	have a disagreement over something .	4.4
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the turkish government .	5.000
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of raising something .	0
a black and white dog is running through a cow field .	a large black and white dog runs in the ocean water	2.20
the findings were published in the july 1 issue of the annals of internal medicine .	the findings are being published today in the annals of internal medicine .	3.800
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme	the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration ( usually half the length of the original ) .	3.500
there are two possible causes for this :	there are two options for you -	1
fda may find that poop is a drug . nytimes : when pills fail , this , er , option provides a cure	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds	1.6
( cause to ) strike the air in flight .	strike the air in flight .	5.000
world 's oldest person dies in japan at 116	jiroemon kimura : world 's oldest person dies aged 116	4.80
if a path is connected to an oen switch , the bulb will be off .	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	3.20
it helps that the media has n't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten .	the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me .	0.60
a federal magistrate in fort lauderdale ordered him held without bail .	zuccarini was ordered held without bail wednesday by a federal judge in fort lauderdale , fla .	3.000
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .	4.571
state of being unified	the state of being joined or united or linked .	3.750
putin 'wins russian presidential election '	putin 'wins ' russia 's presidential election	4.2
a group of people eat at a table outside .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	3.2
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of .	4.46666666666667
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained .	4.250
reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .	4.66666666666667
bremer said one initiative is to launch a us $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .	bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .	3.600
a woman is slicing octopus .	a man is playing the guitar .	0.000
it is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services , will last .	the maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation fund which enable engaging the advantage of public service will probably long fire .	3.200
a black dog and a white dog playing in the street .	a black dog and a white dog play in the street together .	4.60
this frame has to do with people ( the residents ) residing in locations , sometimes with a co-resident .	inhabit or live in ; be an inhabitant of ;	2.8
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government .	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .	1.2
suspected saudi militant dies in lebanese custody	suspected us drone kills 6 militants in yemen	0.4
a man is playing the piano .	a woman is playing the violin .	1.000
the average american makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or errands .	nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands .	3.333
among those waiting a turn was jodie singer , a sixth-grader from washington , d.c .	jodie singer , a sixth-grader from washington , d.c. , anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone .	3.750
the act of moving , turning something	the act of constructing something .	0
ukraine 's jailed opposition icon tymoshenko walks free	ukraine 's opposition chief wants more protests	2
200 dead in night club fire	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	2.8
as a christian , i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them . ''	the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them .	0.83
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	5.00
inheritance is a method of forming new classes using predefined classes .	inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .	5
( cause to ) move around	cause to move round and round .	4.000
'whitey ' bulger given two consecutive life terms	whitey bulger gets life for racketeering , killings	3.2
hassan rouhani wins iran 's presidential election	maduro wins venezuelan presidential vote	0.20
a woman is adding spices on a meat .	a woman adds ingredients to beef .	3.750
australian pm says 'very confident ' signals are from black box	australian pm confident sounds are from flight 370	4
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day .	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day .	3.6
value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something .	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something .	4.750
egypt protesters 'to be dispersed '	abduction teacher to be sentenced	0
mr pollard said : `` this is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for james 's family .	nick pollard , the head of sky news said : `` this is a shocking blow for james 's family .	3.400
billion . everyone in the world at mexico 's current prosperity level .	everyone in the world at the current `` prosperity '' level of northwest africa .	1.53333333333333
rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder and lightning ; blow hard .	rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder or lightning .	4.500
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	moreover , the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions .	4.750
greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets	greece concerns drag on asia markets	3
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	we need to know today , since we are still in uncertainty , what are the scientific data , what measures are to be taken .	4.400
a cat is eating some corn .	a cat is eating corn on the cob .	4.250
national , regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons .	4
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i urge the french presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap , particularly destructive .	4.600
spokesmen for the fbi , cia , canadian security intelligence service and royal canadian mounted police declined to comment on el shukrijumah 's stay in canada .	the fbi , cia , canadian security intelligence service and royal canadian mounted police declined to comment on the washington times report .	2.750
the settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after o'malley took the helm of the nation 's fourth-largest archdiocese .	the $ 85 million agreement was reached in september , less than two months after archbishop sean o'malley took over as leader of the nation 's fourth-largest diocese .	3.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally .	5.000
the black and white dog runs through the grass .	a black and white dog is running through grass .	5.00
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves .	4.500
the blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .	the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .	4.000
five killed in china building collapse	at least 20 killed in syria saturday	0.2
a passenger train waiting in a station .	a passenger train sits in the station .	4.8
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .	4.2
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale .	surpassing what is common or usual or expected ;	0.8
a man spreads butter on a big piece of bread .	a man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread .	3.500
indeed , mr. weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .	still , mr. weill will remain very much a power at the company .	3.200
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern italy : usgs	5.9-magnitude quake hits sunda strait , indonesia : usgs	1.6
the bird is sitting on the branch .	a red and brown bird is perched on branches .	3.2
eu foreign ministers to discuss syria arms embargo	eu foreign ministers seek solution on syria arms	3.60
a rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit .	a live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny .	4.500
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i am a bit of him now to compel the commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a time to establish a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance .	3.600
refuse to recognize something as valid ( not a person ) .	the speech act of making something evident .	0.6
a young boy is riding a bike .	a young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy	0.40
the act of putting something to use .	the act of starting something .	0.4
a customer requests an entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium .	a request for something to be made , supplied , or served ;	2.4
a man is cutting a potato .	a woman is cutting a tomato .	1.250
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .	4.800
preston and england legend tom finney dies at 91	former england great tom finney dies at 91	4.4
the confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .	the free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .	3.250
there are two things to consider :	i think there are two important things to consider :	5
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation .	4.750
removing one bulb shuts off the other .	a and c are in the same closed path	1.80
two women in the kitchen looking at a object .	three men in suits sitting at a table .	0
a cat is playing in a box .	the dog is playing with the floor cleaner .	1.400
two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd .	the women are singing and dancing .	3.538
a man is riding a horse .	a man is driving a car .	1.400
veteran stage and screen actor hume cronyn died of cancer sunday .	character actor hume cronyn , 91 , died sunday at his home in connecticut .	3.500
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	in the absence of a change of associations .	0.500
three dogs are playing in the white snow .	two dogs are playing in the grass .	1.60
a dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .	a dog jumping into a swimming pool .	3.40
a person under the guardianship or custody of another	a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another .	5.000
not a tear here : red brigades jagoff dies , year older than me , fuck him :	prospero gallinari , a terrorist , is dead at 62	0.8
but i would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . ''	`` i would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative .	2.800
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report van orden ( a5-0241/2000 )	4.750
a black and white photo of a living room with a large window , sofa , and chair .	a black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest .	3
assembled group of spectators at a performance	a gathering of spectators or listeners at a ( usually public ) performance .	4.4
a relation of affinity or harmony between people .	a relation of affinity or harmony between people ; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other .	4
i think you mean self-inflicted ( of an injury ) having been inflicted on oneself by oneself or self-induced induced or brought on by oneself or itself	consider self-defeating causing the same problems that you were intending to solve	3.0174
the same survey a month ago had street leading katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided .	one month ago in the same poll , katz was leading 46 to 40 percent .	2.000
blue and red plane in mid-air flight .	a blue and red airplane while in flight .	4.8
( cause to ) meet or intersect	cause to make a snapping sound .	0.4
the osce meeting lasted two days .	the osce meeting was held in madrid .	1.8
cyclone leaves trail of destruction in india	cyclone phailin evacuation kept indian villagers alive	2.40
it turns off all the bulbs .	the open switch creates a gap	0.60
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .	a skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .	3.20
pakistani girls learn a hard lesson	pakistani girl shot by taliban appears on video	1.8
this is particularly true in the poorest countries .	this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces .	0.4
a young men jumps off rocks into a lake .	a young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .	4.00
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of breaking something .	0.2
the lamb is looking at the camera .	a cat looking at the camera .	0.8
no , i show you are willfully ignorant .	lol , you are so ignorant .	4
a kid is playing guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.200
a notational mark used in writing , diacritic	a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation .	3.500
five more human cases of west nile virus , were reported by the mesa county health department on wednesday .	as of this week , 103 human west nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .	2.600
thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .	after this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .	0
breivik complains of 'ridicule '	breivik : jail term 'ridiculous '	1.8
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is important that the european union to be involved and to do it quickly .	5.000
a living room with a dining table in the background .	a boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background .	0
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	iran , world powers agree nuclear deal	4.60
an individual or group ( practitioner ) or a part of their work life ( work ) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in . alternatively , the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it .	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings ;	1.2
pakistani taliban names new leader after drone strike	pakistani taleban chief killed in us drone strike	2.2
waba emerges new nlc president	waiting for the next president	1
israel bars german writer grass from visiting over poem	israel bars german author grass over poem	4.4
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication .	0.8
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point , it is the fact that we started the heading four , with its approach , but we do not know yet very well if we managed to solve the problem , in particular because the council does not wish to take part sufficiently in the reflexion .	4.400
if you 're a skier or snow-boarder , you 'll dig these : on snowy slopes , fingers glide down the touch screen .	app smart : apps helps skiers get more out of the slopes - app smart	1.2
some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list , which was to take effect oct. 1 .	the ftc signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list , which was due to go into effect october 1 .	3.500
that is your problem , not your supervisor 's .	work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem .	2
a father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap .	man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant .	3.4
because the bulb is connected correctly .	the battery is in an open path	0.80
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i make a point of recalling you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .	4.750
the man is playing the drums .	a man is playing drums .	5.000
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a ( typically generic and backgrounded ) cognizer on a certain number of occasions , causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer .	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object ;	2.6
summon into action or bring into existence , often as if by magic ; ask for the aid or protection of .	request earnestly ( something from somebody ) ; ask for aid or protection .	2.4
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by the mainstreaming and by specific guidelines .	4.000
rich media doubled its share , increasing from 3 % in q2 2002 to 6 % in q2 2003 .	rich media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3 % in second quarter of 2002 , to 6 % in the second quarter of 2003 .	3.750
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized .	5.000
facebook earnings jump 63 % as mobile ads accelerate	facebook profits jump as user base expands	3.4
the villains i absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving , but they are also cowards .	a villain you want to take down is , at his/her core , someone who does not care about the suffering of others .	3.00
a person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler .	a man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver .	0.750
outbound , links from your page to others .	dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .	1
a man is slicing a potato into pieces .	a man is cutting a potato .	4.200
s. africa 's former president mandela discharged from hospital	mandela discharged from hospital	4.2
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions .	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions .	4.00
runners race around a track .	runners compete in a race .	3.200
someone is holding and petting a baby tiger .	someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink .	0.400
the assertion of a proposition offered as true	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with .	0
indian stocks open flat	indian stocks open lower	3.6
instead , weida decided that meester 's case on charges of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial .	douglas meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .	3.250
`` the grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on earth .	as noted on the wiki page , grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock .	1.40
hit a fly ( baseball )	hit a fly .	4.000
a grey cat lying on a wooden table .	a grey cat laying on a dining table .	4
zimmerman stopped for speeding in texas , released with warning	zimmerman pulled over in texas for speeding , given warning	5
because there is no closed path	the path is not closed	4.60
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive .	4.750
malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border - live	us : russia massing troops on ukraine border	0
sound sharply or shrilly , as if stabbing .	sound sharply or shrilly .	4.000
`` they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , '' said the oscar-winning film director .	he said : “ they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .	3.000
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	3.80
a sheep standing on a table at auction .	woolly sheep at auction house .	4.2
the installation in all the institutions of the presidency of the council is now complete with the palais chigi .	the installation in all the institutions of the presidency of the council is complete with the palais chigi .	5
it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts .	i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance , before i do something silly .	0.33
a feeling of aversion , distaste , antipathy	a feeling of aversion or antipathy .	4.250
the deer jumped over the fence .	a deer jumps over a cyclone fence .	4.000
tolerate ; aceept or take on as a responsibility .	give surety or assume responsibility .	3.4
it exploded in his hands , but the former italian prime minister was unhurt .	the letter bomb sent to prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt .	3.600
driver in spanish train crash faces questions from judge	train driver in spain crash questioned by judge	5
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue .	5
twitter reports blocking in venezuela	twitter says images blocked in venezuela	4
boy scouts delay decision on admitting gays	boy scouts of america delays vote on lifting ban on gays	5
the act of beginning something new .	the act of hiring something or someone .	1
it is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .	the idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .	3
but they were necessary .	but they are necessary .	4.250
a little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .	a little girl is playing on a toy outdoors .	2.80
i think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year .	i have n't tried storing tomato seeds myself , but i have tried to store pepper seeds ( and they are closely related ) .	1.50
japan scrambles jets against russian military planes	separatists down ukraine military plane , several dead	0.80
the boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers , which made it hard to see , the chief said .	the boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers , making it hard to see , the chief said .	3.333
but okay , ultimate sovereignty ?	thus , ultimate sovereignty .	2.2
two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .	lady in a pink tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .	0.20
fetching something from a source	act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source .	2.8
a person is slicing a tomato .	a person is slicing some meat .	1.750
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.500
putin sworn in as russian president	putin sworn in as russia 's president for 6 years	4
the panda bear lay on the logs .	a panda is lying down .	3.600
death toll climbs to 220 in # brazil nightclub fire , official says .	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.2
men are jumping into water from a bridge .	men jump in a river .	2.750
a white and red bus traveling on the street .	the red bus is on the street .	2.2
a woman is cutting up a chicken .	a woman is slicing meat .	2.750
a child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up .	a woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her .	1.400
scientists believed stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust .	stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from wild 2 .	3.000
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but the interests of the iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .	2.750
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	it has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small .	5.000
a boy is playing a piano .	a man is singing and playing a guitar .	1.250
thewritinggenie supernatural tales : manuel gonzales talks about 'the miniature wife ' : mr. gonzales 's first colle ...	artsbeat : q. and a. : manuel gonzales on his story collection 'the miniature wife '	3.8
tropical storm isaac drenches haiti , swipes cuba	tropical storm isaac threatens dam	1.4
p ( a ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .	it is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .	1
kiernan testified that seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back .	seifert , he testified , had a gunshot wound in the back .	3.500
the broad standard & poor 's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 .	standard & poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .	1.250
the act of talking about the features of something .	the act of projecting out from something .	1
chinese tourist abducted from malaysia	china returns 10 children abducted from vietnam	1.40
speak in a high-pitched tone of voice , as either an animal or human might .	make high-pitched sounds .	3.500
the government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced tuesday .	the department of homeland security announced tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on u.s. commercial aircraft .	4.750
india accuses china of crossing de facto border	senate , house on collision course on border money	0.60
be a factor or play a role in something	be or play a part of or in .	4.250
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command .	4.250
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is eating pasta .	0.533
the political stock market	the politization of the markets of the transferable securities	2.250
insiders reveal 2012 election secrets	all eyes on capriles as venezuela election set	1.2
the act of entering a structure	the state of being actual or real .	0
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006 .	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes .	5
overcome with amazement ; flabbergast	overcome with amazement .	4.000
the dvd-cca then appealed to the state supreme court .	the dvd cca appealed that decision to the u.s. supreme court .	4.500
( applause )	i have already replied on this point , and i entirely agree with what he has said about the need to improve considerably the public debate . i will not repeat what i said , but it is true that , all too often , citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know .	0.000
a cat is licking a sucker .	a woman is slicing cucumber .	0.000
because each bulb has its own pathway	each bulb is in its own path	4.80
the activity of learning or being trained	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge .	4
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of putting something in working order again .	0.4
so it 's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis .	skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly .	2.80
a woman is exercising .	a woman lifts weights .	3.400
a controlling_entity , controlling_situation , or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable . the latter , dependent , element or some aspect of it is not just influenced , but determined by the controlling element .	power to direct or determine ;	2.6
renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of president george bush .	the us president george bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .	2
south africa president : mandela is improving	afghan president delays signing us deal	0.00
programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .	programming means finding a plan of action .	4
pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 tv channels	pakistan dismisses case against fbi agent	1.40
johnson & johnson aware of 40 % failure in hip implant # hipimplant	maker aware of 40 % failure in hip implant	3.2
nytimes : she ’ s ( rarely ) the boss smart , as usual	op-ed columnist : she ? s ( rarely ) the boss	4
the deal , approved by both companies ' board of directors , is expected to be completed in the third quarter of nvidia 's fiscal third quarter .	the acquisition has been approved by both companies ' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .	3.400
this a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background .	there are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background .	0.6
rescuers scour debris after india buildings collapse	select images from bangladesh building collapse	2.20
dey stay preppin ' ... the preppers next door	the doomsday preppers of new york	2
messi nets 300th , 301st goals in barcelona win	football : messi hits 300th barcelona goal in comeback win	3.4
suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness .	i can hear the desperation in your words .	0.60
toys r us waives fee for layaway program	wal-mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program	1.8
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson that must keep this assembly in its debate of this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are , all over the world , in a state of mess , and that we should get down to the task to put in order .	4.400
20 killed in bomb attack at pakistani base	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in nw pakistan	2.00
networks without assistance .	nor will they be the last .	0.00
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path .	a damaged bulb creates a gap	4.40
crowds gather in bethlehem for christmas	oh , little town of bethlehem — for real	2
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .	you have to know what you want to do .	4
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.17
a man is lifting weights .	a man is chopping egg plant .	0.250
the film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in november with the matrix revolutions .	`` reloaded '' is the second installment of a trilogy ; `` the matrix revolutions '' is slated for debut in november .	3.833
angle with a hook and line and draw through water	angle with a hook and line drawn through the water .	5.000
give out , allow to have	allow to have .	4.500
there are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from canon and olympus .	there are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters , such as some of the olympus tough models .	3.20
a man is erasing a chalk board .	the man is erasing the chalk board .	5.000
a group of people sitting around a table containing food .	four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks .	2.8
in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	a document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	3
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration .	4.500
stretch out or over completely	stretch out completely .	4.750
battery is contained on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	3.83
a young boy jumping in the air at the beach .	a boy jumping in the air on the beach .	4.80
# pakistan ’ s premier intervenes in fire inquiry	pakistan ? s ashraf intervenes in fatal fire investigation	4
you can use it , too .	you can do it , too .	3
a man is mowing grass .	a guy is mowing the lawn .	4.800
a dog is trying to get bacon off his back .	a dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back .	3.750
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	yes , you can do exactly what you want to do .	1
should i contact a phd student or his supervisor for potential collaboration ?	how should a phd student approach a collaboration ?	3
two men are dancing together .	a woman opens a closet .	0.000
a man plays his white guitar .	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well	3.20
both bulbs b and c are in the same path as bulb a	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	2.40
douglas robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis .	douglas robinson , ca senior vice president , finance , will fill the position in the interim .	3.800
a child is playing a computer game .	a boy is playing a game on a laptop .	3.091
( literally ) sound with resonance .	sound with resonance .	5.000
london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters : `` we condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . ''	`` we condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , '' london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters by telephone .	4.600
it 's the first such drill since the september 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington .	it is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the sept. 11 terrorist attacks .	4.000
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill , study , or work	devote oneself to a special area of work .	4.000
gregory parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .	greg parseghian was appointed the new chief executive .	3.800
`` the european union is basically absent , '' said tito barbini , regional minister for agriculture in tuscany , italy .	tito barbini , a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany , italy , criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento .	3.400
first post office savings bank atm opens in chennai	india 's first post office savings bank atm inaugurated in chennai	4
kedo spokesman , roland tricot said : `` the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .	`` the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals , '' the korean energy development organization said .	4.000
pass through the esophagus	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking .	3.500
a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .	a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .	4.00
one of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by salton , wong and yang .	tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .	3
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas .	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas .	3
you should do it .	you can do it , too .	1
omo dey go tey : opinion : nigerians still waiting for their 'african spring ' sowore -	nigeria waits for 'african spring '	3.8
contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form .	4.4
a kid plays with a toy phone .	a little boy plays with a toy phone .	3.500
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies , which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level .	4.400
her birthday , 21 april , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .	when his grandmother , then-princess elizabeth , turned 21 in 1947 , the day was declared a public holiday , and she attended a reception and a ball .	3.200
a dog is running toward the camera .	a brown and white dog running on grass .	0.80
some results are remarkable .	some results are remarkable .	5.000
world 's best white-water rafting ? geekkenya	world 's best place for water rafting ?	3.2
woman dies while riding roller coaster in texas	woman dies riding roller coaster at texas amusement park	4
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .	the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .	0.800
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei .	president has fewer powers than it appears to be , and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me ayatollah ali khamenei .	4.250
the standard edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user .	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database .	2.500
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a trumpet .	1.714
mt design now rivals technology in importance	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward	2
john duncan is great britain 's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament .	at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament .	1.4
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the `` reactionary '' forces they opposed '' and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam .	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the `` reactionary '' forces they opposed , was just too much for me .	3.00
several people are sitting around a fire at night .	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .	2.60
pakistani taliban chief hakimullah mehsud killed in drone strike	pakistani taliban 'elect new chief ' , vow 'unprecedented ' revenge	1.20
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions .	the feelings expressed on a person 's face ;	3.4
hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove .	move through with or as if with a rake .	0
nyt editorial : what we don ’ t know is killing us # research # guns # violence	editorial : what we don ? t know is killing us	4
whatever you do , do n't bite him back to show him that it hurts .	we always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth , therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you .	1.60
about 22 % of twentysomethings are obese , which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight .	about 31 percent of americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight .	2.600
a man cuts up potatos .	a man slices potatoes .	4.800
some who went to war did n't want to go , but felt they could not disobey .	some refused to go because they did n't want to be killed .	2.80
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .	in other areas , the sharia is imposed .	4.750
a physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total .	all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class .	4.500
give a thrashing to , beat	give a thrashing to ; beat hard .	4.750
sens . john kerry and bob graham declined invitations to speak .	the no-shows were sens . john kerry of massachusetts and bob graham of florida .	3.600
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection .	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate .	1.8
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
the veteran malyasian diplomat met suu kyi wednesday at the lakeside home in yangon where she is under house arrest .	razali ismail met for 90 minutes with suu kyi , a 1991 winner of the nobel peace prize , at her lakeside home , where she is under house arrest .	3.692
produce a phonemic click .	produce a click .	3.250
israelis attack 2 palestinians in jerusalem area	settlers beat up palestinian in jerusalem	2.60
joe kernan , who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years , was sworn in as governor after o'bannon died saturday .	kernan , who was o'bannon 's lieutenant governor , friend and political partner , was sworn in six hours after o'bannon died saturday .	3.750
act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes	act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes .	5
north korea ? s missile movements worry u.s. thom shanker and david e. sanger	movement of missiles by north korea worries u.s .	3.8
a dog standing in the water .	a girl playing on a parachute .	0.40
i 've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question : prototype theory .	according to current models of human concept learning , the answer to your question is both .	0.00
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa can not intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .	spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa can not intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe .	2.8
someone is frying meat .	someone is playing paino .	0.250
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary .	4.500
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has . a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it .	give help or assistance ; be of service ;	1.5
mahmud controlled access to saddam for everyone but immediate family members , pentagon officials said .	mahmud controlled access to saddam and was frequently at his side .	3.500
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	the switch and the bulb have to be in the same path	3.83
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will also discuss the progress of the negotiations of adhesion , and thus widening .	4.600
determine a standard ; estimate a capacity or measurement	estimate the value of .	4.250
a law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the constitution .	to be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution .	3.6
( cause to ) move through a space , circuit or system , usu . returning to the starting point	move in circles .	3.750
is it safe to leave butter at room temperature ?	how do i know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat ?	2
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i would ask you , on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both brittany marín , that the city of galicia , which are from most of the victims .	4.600
a man plays the guitar .	the man sang and played his guitar .	3.000
what could be causing my gfci to trip ?	what could be causing gfci breakers and receptacles to trip ?	4
red double decker bus driving down street .	a double decker bus on a city street .	3.6
terminal is connected to postive end of battery	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	3.20
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession . the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical .	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ;	1.8
a black dog jumps through the water .	a dog walks through the snow .	2.40
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	5.00
a couple posing for a picture on a couch .	young couple sitting on couch .	4
a woman is riding a horse on a beach .	a man is carrying another man on his back .	0.400
the television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting .	a television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room .	2.6
should i just tell her how i feel ?	should i just wait it out and see how it goes ?	2.2
a woman is sewing on a machine .	a woman is breading some meat .	0.600
someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart .	someone is cutting a piece of meat .	2.333
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	the battery is in an open path	1.40
maldives holds fresh election for president	maldives holds fresh presidential election	4.6
an official task or undertaking , usually funded	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted .	2.8
to explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .	a document is represented as a vector .	5
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to store carrots ?	1
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time .	an indefinite period ( usually marked by specific attributes or activities ) ;	2
there was closed paths between the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	1.60
other operators would also refer to the nature of the czech market .	none of the czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .	1
enron spokesman eric thode declined to comment on the mediation order .	`` we think it 's great news , '' said enron spokesman eric thode .	1.733
a monkey is karate kicking at someone 's gloved hand .	a monkey pratices martial arts .	3.500
syria military police chief defects to opposition	syria military police chief defects to rebels	5
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of .	1.4
pictures of the day : 7 august 2013	picture of the day	2.8
a woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her .	a man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him .	2.2
obama signs law aimed at barring iran un envoy	obama urges no new sanctions on iran	1.00
the act of putting something to use .	the act of putting something somewhere .	1
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	4.80
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	it is an evolution of this type which i wish in the other states of the european union .	4.500
feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background .	two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background .	0.4
a girl is communicating with sign language .	a young girl is using sign language .	3.941
( cause to ) become a fluid , as when heated .	make ( a solid substance ) liquid , as by heating .	4.8
an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something .	2.8
algerian priest to lecture about christian heritage in n. africa	telstra applies to list china site in ny	0.00
last week , his lawyers asked gov . mark r. warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .	last week , his lawyers asked warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .	3.000
possibility for the future	a prediction of the course of a disease .	2.000
a monkey is brushing a bull dog .	a monkey brushes a dog .	4.200
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained in second reading , a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive .	5.000
what 's the best way to introduce a chinchilla to a household with cats ?	what is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?	1
a man is riding on a horse .	a girl is riding a horse .	2.600
when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , '' said charles weisselberg , a uc berkeley law professor .	when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , '' said charles weisselberg , who teaches law at the university of california , berkeley .	5.000
broken limbs , torn lives in northern # mali - # islamism # sharia	broken limbs , torn lives in mali	4
sheriff : i wo n't enforce obama 's gun laws he 's 1 black guy , they r us laws & calm the fuck down # overparanoia & racism	sheriff wo n't enforce 'unconstitutional ' gun laws	2.2
in general , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process : 1 .	in a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .	5
blub a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the same battery .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.67
that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals	2.20
palestinian president assigns academic to form west bank gov't	palestinian president wants israelis to talk peace	1.8
a girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .	a girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .	4.00
close up of a brown horse with a blue halter .	a close up of a horse wearing a blue halter .	3.6
georgian pm 's ally to become president - exit poll	ally of georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit polls	4.60
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account .	5.000
a woman is mixing eggs .	the woman is eating .	0.500
on the opposite side , antonio damasio for example believes that the sensations resultant from primitive activities are born in the areas of the corporeal feeling of the cortex and the core of the brain , like jaak pankseep who focuses more on the just the core of the brain .	the opposite , antonio damasio for example believe that the sensations from primitive activities are born in the areas of the body feeling of the cortex and core of the brain , like jaak pankseep however , which focuses more on the brain syllabus .	3
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the secondary primary objective and objectives , will represent the stone of key enabling us to consider the concrete proposals presented by the commission .	3.800
two people are walking by the ocean .	two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera .	0.40
young baby girl sitting on table .	a woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table .	1.6
emphasize ; draw attention to ; underline	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to .	4.250
an elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .	the old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .	5
police attacked in belfast flag protests	politicians in flag violence talks	0.6
shares of san diego-based jack in the box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the new york stock exchange .	shares of tampa-based outback steakhouse inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the new york stock exchange .	1.600
punjab mail derails near rohtak , 19 injured	punjab mail derails near rohtak in haryana , 19 injured	4.2
a person is slicing onions .	someone is slicing an onion .	4.600
sail boat sailing on the water .	sail boat floating on the blue water .	4.2
britons released after kidnapping in egypt 's sinai -sources	bedouin release two britons seized in egypt 's sinai	3.2
a boy is checking a calender .	a boy is looking at a calendar .	3.800
boeing airliner crashes in russia , 50 killed	boeing airliner crashes in russian city of kazan , 50 killed	3.8
a blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .	a blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .	4.80
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , when a company or unipersonnelle a society relying less than 250 employees has a project , it must be possible to receive funding not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the simple basis of a good idea .	3.800
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole 's orientation , center , or edge and is not ordered . we also annotate properties of the part , e.g . relating to its size .	( music ) the section of a composition or movement ( especially in sonata form ) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated	0
great piece by `` the gruesome toll of deadly # clusterbombs in syria '' -	gruesome toll of cluster bombs	3.4
freeman 's civil hearing may be , on the surface , about a driver 's license .	freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden .	1.750
us attorney general holder resigns	attorney general eric holder to resign	5
a cost analysis is under way , said michael rebell , cfe 's executive director .	`` we 're not looking for a robin hood remedy , '' said michael rebell , the campaign 's executive director .	2.000
death toll from philippine earthquake rises to 185	death toll from philippines quake rises to 144	3.60
stony brook university launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer .	the state university at stony brook launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection .	3.200
`` for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , '' according to extracts released yesterday .	`` for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , '' mrs clinton writes .	3.200
remove by rubbing	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing .	4.667
a boy waves around a sparkler .	a young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .	4.40
nigel farage calls on government to let syrian refugees into uk	'no plans ' to resettle syrian refugees in the uk	2.40
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.750
what is the actual difference between graduate and undergraduate texts ?	what is the difference between portamento and glissando ?	0
the first health-care worker in the country to die of sars was a filipina-canadian who contracted the disease at north york general hospital , the site of the second outbreak .	emile laroza , 51 , contracted sars while working as a nurse at north york general hospital , the epicentre of the second sars outbreak .	3.250
armenians vote in parliamentary elections	armenia 's parliamentary vote a test for president	3.2
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain , china , france , russia and the united states .	p5+1 members are britain , china , france , russia , germany and the united states .	3.6
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic .	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic .	4
red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	oil rig spat : beijing not to send army	0.60
awkward ! notre dame linebacker says he is hoax victim	notre dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	4.8
two dogs on the beach .	a dog walks on the beach .	2.40
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we are often here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.750
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we speak with a single voice language‒describes within the wto .	3.800
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	5.00
but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal no child left behind act .	but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups , such as race , pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal no child left behind act .	4.000
mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	zimbabwe : mugabe declared winner in disputed vote	4
this is what we think will bring in more customers .	it is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .	0
i have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in workflowy .	am i allowed to beat the drum for scrivener again ?	0.20
train , tutor or polish social behavior , taste , judgement	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment .	4.500
a man is cutting a potato .	a man is slicing some potato .	4.400
or like oil companies , who have a cartel .	true oil only comes from quart sized cans .	0.80
flowers in winter ? camellias are some of my favorite prerennials .	in the garden : camellias ready for a cold snap	1.8
ships train for syrian chemical weapons transport	un adopts syrian chemical weapons resolution	1.80
bubble over with a certain feeling	overflow with a certain feeling .	4.6
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little `` bitch '' .	but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another .	0.00
un security council orders global sanctions against haqqani network in afghanistan	un orders global sanctions against haqqani network	4.4
a little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	a white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth .	4.60
a woman is seasoning a piece of meat .	a man is loading a rifle with bullets .	0.000
more than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .	more than 100 officers launched the london raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring .	4.000
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the event of something burning ( often destructive ) .	0
to grow rapidly	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner .	3.500
a woman is dancing .	a woman is exercising .	1.000
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation .	2
several black democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with dnc chairman terry mcauliffe to discuss the layoffs .	black democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with democratic national committee chairman terry mcauliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .	3.250
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	faced with these , the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential .	4.600
colin powell , the secretary of state , said contacts with iran would not stop .	secretary of state colin powell said yesterday that contacts with iran would continue .	4.333
did i say i excused it ?	where did i say it did ?	1.60
a man swims underwater .	a woman is swimming underwater .	2.000
a woman is cutting some flowers .	a woman is cutting broccoli .	1.000
south africans mourn as mandela buried	south africa holds state funeral for mandela	2.8
a bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field .	close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse .	2.6
glover said the killer used a `` peculiar slipknot '' on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims .	glover said the killer used a `` peculiar slipknot , '' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victims .	3.400
the governor is going to jackson , where 13 of the state 's 16 fatalities were reported .	the governor is going to jackson , where 13 people were killed .	3.800
protests continue in tense ukraine capital	protests continue in brazil	1.6
u.s. bans carry-on liquids , gels on flights to russia	us bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to russia	4.4
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as friday from the jiuquan launching site in the gobi desert .	the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next wednesday and friday from a launching site in the gobi desert .	4.000
the findings are published in the november 6 edition of the journal nature .	both studies are published on thursday in nature , the british weekly science journal .	2.600
an owl has its wings up and widespread during the day .	the bird has its wings spread as it flies .	2.40
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	5.00
mr. geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on april 3 .	he had been in protective custody since being transferred to souza-baranowski in april , officials said .	2.800
egypt minister survives assassination attempt	syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt '	1.6
a solid 3d object with rectangular sides	a solid piece of something ( usually having flat rectangular sides ) .	3.2
because bulb c is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	a and b have their own path	1.40
so many other paul newman have gone to history .	paul newman was part of that. ``	1
she asked me to go up for a cause if noble , but if it had asked to make the poirier , i would have done anyway .	she asked me to go up for a noble cause , but if she had asked to act the pear tree , i would have done it anyway .	3
second teenager charged with murder	brother of eastenders actress gemma mccluskie is charged with her murder	1.4
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	just as the european court of human rights , the council of europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control ; we can take as a basis .	4.400
the girl is carrying a baby .	a man is eating a food .	0.000
ftse bursa malaysia update : 11.30am	ftse bursa malaysia update : 3.00pm	3.40
the vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .	the vector space model has several disadvantages .	1
rightful portion or stake of something	( law ) a right or legal share of something ; a financial involvement with something .	4.2
syrian regime denies role in houla massacre	syria blames rebels for houla massacre of over 100	3
a man is playing the drums .	a woman is slicing some leaves .	0.000
a blue scooter parked on a sidewalk .	a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .	4.2
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	something that floats on the surface of water .	0
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something .	0
the battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.20
what choo talkin ' bout mr. d ... ... rip conrad bain , father on ? diff ? rent strokes ? , dies at 89	conrad bain , actor on ? diff ? rent strokes , ? dies at 89	4.6
no argument with jakarta on boats : abbott	no agreement at iran nuclear talks	0.40
it is a closed path .	there is no closed path containing the battery	1.20
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense .	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned ;	1.6
pena nieto wins mexico presidential vote : exit polls	poll : putin to win russia presidential vote	0.6
a badger is digging in the dirt .	a man is moving large rocks .	0.000
older man wearing beret with mountains in background .	a sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background .	0.4
unipol : court rome , danilo coppola remains a grottaferrata .	unipol : court rome , danilo coppola remains in grottaferrata .	5
that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even though we have used the flexibility instrument .	that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even if we have used the flexibility instrument .	4.857
female directors gain ground , slowly the storyteller ? s gender matters .	female film directors slowly gain ground	3.8
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
a woman is slicing a pepper .	a woman is cutting a red pepper .	3.938
a woman is slicing a lemon .	a man is showing a bread .	0.250
once converted , baystar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of sco common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .	the investment gives larkspur , calif.-based baystar more than 2.9 million shares of sco common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .	4.000
us offers us $ 10 mil . for pakistan militant	us offers $ 10 million for pakistani militant chief	3.8
they have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline .	get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline .	4.6
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	then we might have been able to avoid a disaster .	4.600
is madeleine mccann still alive ?	reopen madeleine case , police urge	0.6
a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl .	a small child is drinking water from a cup .	0.800
the bulb is in a closed circuit	the battery is in an open path	0.40
a woman and a dog standing in the grass .	a man carries a sign while standing in the rain .	0.00
this year the audubon society once again hosts its annual christmas bird count .	it 's the national audubon society 's annual christmas bird count , now in its 104th season .	3.500
a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .	an asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post .	0
russia , china veto un resolution on syria killings	russia , china in double veto of un syria resolution	3.8
build , make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts .	4
brown and white ducks walking on green grass .	a red and white plane flying on a sunny day .	0
also in mosul , rebel gunmen on friday assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .	near a mosque in the northern town of mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .	4.600
apple buying security firm authentec for $ 356 million	news summary : apple buying authentec for $ 356m	4.4
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we have to know the commission 's position in relation to public access to documents on reading the internal manuel which has been submitted , on 11 october , to the commission officials in order to explain how they deal with the requests of members regarding access to documents .	4.250
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was sought to murder .	4.000
swatch plays a big hand on $ 1b harry winston acqusition get it , big hand ... # iexplainmyjokes	swatch to buy watch and jewelry business of harry winston for $ 750 million	2.8
israel planes strike inside syria	israel launches airstrike into syria	4.6
jake with the assist .	voracek with the goal .	0.4
a woman is hitting a man .	a woman is taking a bath .	0.200
`` we condemn and denounce the governing council , which is headed by the united states , '' moqtada al-sadr said .	`` we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , '' sadr said in a fiery sermon at koufa mosque near najaf .	3.333
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter .	4.000
he also could be barred permanently from the securities industry .	young faces a fine , suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry .	3.333
rebels kill 21 civilians in syria alawite village	bomb kills 18 civilians in afghanistan	1.20
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor .	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that -- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial .	4
a woman slices tofu .	a woman is cutting tofu .	5.000
jesse jackson jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	jesse jackson jr. , wife to plead guilty to fraud	4.6
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	they can in fact wish to more and better , but i think that it is a good start .	4.800
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
had a closed path to the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	3.00
the man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle .	two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .	0.80
endure or experience a painful event	undergo ( as of injuries and illnesses ) .	1.4
the human act of making something new .	the event that occurred at the beginning of something .	0
but butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .	but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .	4.600
five-time tour de france winner and cancer survivor lance armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in denver on friday .	five-time tour de france winner lance armstrong is in denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer .	3.400
the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in norway and sweden , according to the study .	the study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in norway and sweden since the 1950s .	4.750
a man is playing keyboard .	a person is playing a piano .	2.200
iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	iran nuclear deal sealed after decades-long dispute	3.60
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament has , however , also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions to be compensated for by the use of framework of flexibility , defined in a statement on the financial perspective .	3.800
ukrainian prime minister resigns amid protests	turkish prime minister signals return to hardline on protesters	0.6
how can i tell whether a mathematics journal seems reputable ?	how can i tell if a journal is reputable ?	3
a man is playing on his keyboard .	a man is playing a keyboard piano .	4.000
what conviction where you talking about before ?	what conviction would that be ?	4.4
i found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are .	i reccomend `` monkey grass '' because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice !	0.00
an architect is building a mobius band house with a 3d printer . i knew those things would come in handy .	architect to build home using 3-d printer	3.8
officials at brandeis said this was an `` extremely heartrending '' time for the campus .	`` this is an extremely heartrending time for the entire brandeis university community .	4.400
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit	4.80
world no . 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .	world no.2 lleyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice , including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .	4.000
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings .	5.000
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable .	lacking in specific resources , qualities or substances ;	0.4
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you think that the austrian 'model ' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the european institutions and to set up a new institution , or a new group , in order to get round the unanimity rule in the council ?	4.800
if uv not seen # crazy # love , u should . nytimes : linda riss # pugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75	linda riss pugach , 1937-2013 : linda riss pugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75	4.4
at one of the three sampling sites at huntington beach , the bacteria reading came back at 160 on june 16 and at 120 on june 23 .	the readings came back at 160 on june 16 and 120 at june 23 at one of three sampling sites at huntington beach .	3.250
what are the types of guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of various methods of supporting the classical guitar ?	2
how to remove construction adhesive from concrete ?	how do i remove adhesive from outdoor concrete deck that is textured ?	4
this is no time for the faint-hearted .	it is not the time to be hesitant .	4.400
the cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door .	than horse standing in a field in front of a fence .	0
form a spiral or move in a spiral course .	move in a spiral or zigzag course .	4.750
for obama ? s new term , start here - nick kristof for nyt	op-ed columnist : for obama ? s second term , start here	4
if you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment , the best book is to start with is fromkin , introduction to language .	this is what they recommend at oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a masters ' in linguistics .	1.40
a brown dog in running on grass .	a brown dog runs through the grass .	4.80
on thursday , a washington post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the fed was more likely , contrary to the wall street journal 's line .	on thursday , a post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the fed was more likely .	3.750
vomit , either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion .	something copied or derived from an original .	0
official of malaysia airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	malaysia airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight	1.00
well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind .	the difference is huge , as not all non-physical things exist in minds .	3.40
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern china	2 killed , dozens injured by blast in southwest pakistan	0.60
a japanese swordsman jumps into the air .	a woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .	1.00
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	in 1996 , the european parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to .	4.400
something that interests you because it is important or affects you	the answer to a question is under discussion in a group , which still has a difference of opinion among its members . the prominence of the question relative to others can be indicated by a status expression .	1.8270
this just warmed my heart : ada bryant and robert haire	ada bryant , robert haire ? weddings	1.2
runs victim down got any proof ?	paranoid got any proof ?	1
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone .	0.4
a man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	a man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up .	0.60
a group of people sit at a table in an italian restaurant .	a group of six people sitting at a table with salad served .	3
a passenger train coming into a station .	a passenger train sits in the station .	2.4
the # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track	4.00
speed up the process of	speed up the progress of ; facilitate .	5
in a text , a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text . in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled , with the source_of_information made salient .	seek information from ;	1.6
administer or bestow , as portions	administer or bestow , as in small portions .	4.5
a man riding on the back of an orange suv .	an african man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van .	1.8
a man is playing keyboard .	a man is playing guitar .	1.800
`` facebook has a lot of data , but it ? s very noisy data . ''	fortunes of facebook may hinge on searches	0.8
kyi , a u.n. envoy says , as japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless suu kyi is freed .	japan added to growing international pressure on burma yesterday , threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi .	3.000
the recording industry association of america says it plans to sue the song traders next month .	that is , if the recording industry association of america has anything to say about it .	1.750
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is linked to the oil production .	5.000
there is no difference in electrical states .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.00
soccer-france to host australia for first time in october	nra official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks	0
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside .	a young boy and a young girl walking towards each other	2.00
the cinema of the 1950s and 1960s we dazzles and we let much for our collections .	the cinema of the 1950s and 1960s fascinates us and much of our work is inspired by it .	2
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something .	0
activity of selling	the general activity of selling .	4.750
two roosters are fighting .	two men are fighting .	2.000
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive .	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il .	1.2
ken salazar leaving to spend more time with his bolo ties .	interior 's ken salazar stepping down	3.4
that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even though we have used the flexibility instrument .	that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to article 272 ; the financial perspectives have been maintained , even if we have used the flexibility instrument .	4.833
a duplicate of something , serving as a backup	something additional of the same kind .	3.2
in the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .	in the second quarter last year , ak steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents a share .	3.400
men who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark wa study has found .	drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer , a study by australian researchers has discovered .	4.250
trial date set for egypt 's muslim brotherhood chief	syria 's muslim brotherhood faces uphill battle	2.20
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained .	4.250
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music .	3
you are an # inspiration ! # keepfighting	the front lines in fight for women	0.4
notable or famous persons ( real or fictional )	a well-known or notable person .	4.500
a woman is chopping up garlic .	the woman is dicing garlic .	4.800
an airplane moves along a runway .	a plane is landing on a runway .	2.800
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage .	immune to attack ; incapable of being tampered with ;	2.2
a cat opens a drawer and climbs inside .	a big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside .	3.750
on the virtues of procrastination : this was supposed to be my column for new year ? s day	findings : positive procrastination , not an oxymoron	2.2
people step off a train .	a group of people get off a train .	4.600
if a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .	vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	1
a man plays the piano .	a man is playing a piano .	5.000
bring to a certain pressure	bring to a certain spiritual state .	0
a and b are off	there is an incomplete circuit	1.40
slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the czech republic .	slovakia is not to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the union at the same time that the czech republic .	4.600
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level .	4.200
agnew said pinellas began baiting when rabies cases `` went from zero to 30 '' in 1995 .	still , pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997 , agnew said .	1.750
can i connect two load lines to a gfci receptacle ?	how can i connect additional wires to a receptacle ?	2
a woman is filing her nails .	a man is peeling a carrot .	0.000
i prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first .	i would definitely go for a slightly slower first half .	2.60
japan revises gdp growth to annual 1.1 pct in q3	japan ’ s gdp growth downgraded to annual 1.1 %	3.4
finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .	a term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .	1
negotiators said friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a central american free trade agreement .	negotiators said friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the united states and five central american countries this week in houston .	3.750
the boy is playing the piano .	the woman is pouring oil into the pan .	0.000
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but this picture can survive a continuing decline ?	2.500
blue chips edged lower by midday on wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .	u.s. stocks fell in early morning trade on wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .	3.600
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment .	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment .	2
a man picking up a big rock .	a woman picking up a large rock .	2.40
a boy is upset playing video games .	someone is playing a gameboy .	1.750
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	the battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	4.60
a woman is riding a horse along a perimeter .	a dog is riding a skateboard .	0.600
a woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips .	a woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices .	4.000
nerves calmed -- for now : markets jump on relief over spanish bank bailout	focus shifts to greece after spain secures bank bailout	2.2
attack on nato base in afghanistan kills 15	aid workers freed in afghanistan raid	1
what 's the best way to store asparagus ?	what 's the best way to keep my garage from freezing ?	0
the state of being pleased with life .	the state of being rejected .	0.4
thank you very much , commissioner .	thank you very much , mr commissioner .	4.500
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this context , it is not or can not be competitive without borders .	4.600
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .	a man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them .	3.40
a woman serving volleyballs over a net .	one woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them .	2.750
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface .	1.2
shares of mcdonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .	mcdonald 's shares rose $ 1.83 to close friday at $ 23.89 on the new york stock exchange .	4.250
is it acceptable as referee to contact an author on a paper you review ?	is it appropriate as a referee to contact an author after the editor rejected the manuscript ?	3
yes , your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash .	most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “ x and/or y ” , as well as “ this is hard/impossible to do ” .	3.40
a blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person .	a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .	4.2
anyone tried this ? ? amazon giving you free mp3s your cds	amazon giving you free mp3s of your cds	4.4
a citizen of ancient troy	a native of ancient troy .	3.8
someone is seasoning eggs .	someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl .	3.600
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0.6
so you agree that if only 10 % of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777 ?	like i said earlier , if only 10 % of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777 .	5.00
in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group . alternatively , a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2 , expressed as an oblique phrase . if this asymmetric construal is chosen , purpose only relates to party_1 .	satisfy a condition or restriction ;	0
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6 .	there is a gap between terminals 1 and 6	4.40
death toll in colorado floods rises to four	thousands told to evacuate in colorado flooding	1.6
a cat standing on tree branches .	a black and white cat is high up on tree branches .	3.6
kids playing ball in the park .	two dogs playing by the shore .	0.60
how do i maintain a good relationship with my old boss after being promoted ?	how do i maintain a good relationship with an employer after resigning ?	2
( cause to ) move abruptly , often making a short , sharp sound	close with a snapping motion .	2
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	if c burns out then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery	3.40
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is cutting through an onion .	5.000
state health officials said today a young northeast kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .	health officials confirmed today that a northeast kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the mississippi river .	3.500
the act of pulling a load	the act of dwelling in a place .	0
a man is playing an electronic keyboard .	a band is playing instruments .	1.250
a man reels in a fish .	a woman is pouring oil in a bowl .	0.000
a close-up of a sheep in the grass .	a close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged , standing on grass .	1.8
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990 .	the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .	3.6
a man is throwing knives at a tree .	a man is showing magic .	1.750
jaya prada all set to join bjp	jaya prada likely to join bjp , amar singh to decide for her	3.8
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .	a number of sheets ( ticket or stamps etc . ) bound together on one edge ;	0.2
the seven other nations in the initiative are britain , germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal and spain .	other nations involved in the psi include germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal , spain and britain .	3.600
the quality of being important , worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note .	4.8
an explosion is booming in the desert .	a nuclear weapon explodes in a desert .	3.400
china stocks end higher on pmi at midday	chinese stocks open higher thursday	1.8
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which has just been passed , does not reflect the .	4.200
suspicious object found in tel aviv not explosive device	police treat suspicious object at tel aviv bus station	3.4
a steam engine and train moving toward the camera .	a white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera .	1
the board of aig met sunday evening to examine possible cessions , according to ft .	the board of aig met sunday in the evening to examine possible , according to stop it said .	3
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone .	1.4
a brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball .	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .	0.60
a black hole ( briefly ) , is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses .	i think you mean to ask , `` what is the local sidereal time of greenwhich ? `` .	0.00
a great piece in the nyt mag on story , lit , and media .	riff : once upon a time , there was a person who said , ? once upon a time ?	0
amnesty : syria rebels also committing abuses	amnesty investigator : syria rebels also committing abuses	4.2
a women laying across two men sitting on a sofa .	two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa .	2
the question , if it is really a matter of chance , pops up naturally .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a risky job , i will remove it .	0
a man is running .	a man is dancing .	1.250
mall attackers used 'less is more ' strategy	in kenya , attackers used 'less is more ' strategy	3
egypt interior minister survives bomb	egypt 's interior minister survives bomb attack	5
a tiger trys to climb the wall .	a lion is trying to climb up over a wall .	3.000
this country is far and away better than any other on earth..	no country is perfect , but this country is far and away better than any other on earth .	5
the two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people .	boys are dancing in front of people .	1.500
a black train moves down the tracks .	a long train is on train tracks .	2.8
a woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area .	a women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area .	3.8
er diab ... `` : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
a new study , conducted in europe , found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study , sponsored by imclone systems , said it did .	doctors concluded erbitux , the cancer drug that enmeshed imclone systems in an insider trading scandal , worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did .	2.700
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .	4.6
soldier who is a member of a special forces group	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids .	3.250
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.80
the girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier .	the girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .	0.40
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems .	according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems .	3.2
what 's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?	what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	0
you know , you 're right .	well , you 're half right .	3
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	two girls holding sacks are standing in a field .	1.40
put a harness on .	put a harness .	4.750
the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting .	0.6
18 killed , 108 wounded in wave of bombings in iraq	9 killed , 31 wounded in car bombs in iraq 's kirkuk	1.4
a woman is feeding a man .	a woman is mixing meat .	1.000
a knapsack , bundle on the back	a bundle ( especially one carried on the back ) .	4.750
the national denomination of the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the u.s. branch of the 77 million-member anglican communion .	the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the american branch of the worldwide anglican communion , which has 77 million adherents .	5.000
a woman is peeling an orange .	a woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind .	1.800
its shares fell 71 cents , or 3.5 percent , in after-hours trading to $ 19.55 .	the stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular-session nasdaq trading .	1.250
vietnam has among the world 's harshest drug laws .	vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .	4.8
the girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .	three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera .	0.40
a woman is slicing ginger .	a person is holding two baby lorises .	0.000
much to eatonville , as ms jones , a teacher courageous and which has a low for the red lively , have always fear that their insular community is understood .	many at eatonville , like ms jones , a courageous teacher who has a weakness for bright red , always fear that their insular community will not be understood .	3
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party to serious and about the rules of the sale of consumer products by means of the community , just as it sets about the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	4.400
nato : 4 aid workers rescued from afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in afghanistan	2.8
two puppies playing around in the grass	two puppies play in the grass	5.00
a person is folding a square paper piece .	a person folds a piece of paper .	3.750
musharraf arrested in lal masjid case	musharraf arrested in pakistan	3
a man is chopping butter into a container .	a woman is cutting shrimps .	0.600
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond the geographical division , the divisions recur at local level .	4.000
two girls are sitting in front of a statue .	two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue	3.80
you got it right .	you 've got it right .	5
its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs ' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement .	attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement .	3.250
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something	search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something valuable or lost .	3.5
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	3.00
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we know the position of the commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual , which was submitted , on 11 october , the commission 's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the members regarding access to documents .	4.400
the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something .	0.2
syria rebels attack lebanese post near border : army	turkish army stages tank exercises near syria border	0.8
great article & comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank .	staying alive : why i 'm looking for a new bank	1.8
the tech-heavy nasdaq stock markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04 .	the nasdaq composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .	2.200
this is no time for the faint-hearted .	this is not the time to show .	2.500
a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby .	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	3.2
the political stock market	the politicization of securities markets	2.833
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	consumers will be the losers , with workers and competitiveness and growth regress .	4.000
what happened in australia ... i went after guns . obama can , too .	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too .	4
pat or squeeze , especially under the chin .	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin .	4.750
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event . a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements .	( usually followed by `to ' ) having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something ;	0.4
al-qaida says it captures 70 yemeni soldiers in abyan 's battle	al qaeda clashes , blasts kill 35 soldiers in yemen	1.4
organize anew , as after a setback ; collect or compose oneself .	organize anew , as after a setback .	4.4
the transaction will grant handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of palm -- and no shares of palmsource -- for each share of handspring common stock .	under the proposed terms of the transaction , and following the spinoff of palmsource , palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of handspring .	3.750
two people sit on the end of a dock .	two people sitting on a dock .	4.20
make ( undue ) claims of owning .	make undue claims to having .	3.4
a man and woman stand , smiling for camera .	a man and woman are posing for the camera .	4.2
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time .	4.6
floods leave six dead in philippines	heavy rains leave 18 dead in philippines	2.6
who in the media 's been going `` half-cocked '' and how did they do it ?	why has no one come forward to admit the truth ?	1.60
actor gazzara dead at 81	actor ben gazzara dies at 81	4.4
adapt oneself to new or different conditions .	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .	4.8
i was in a similar situation .	i had a similar situation .	5
`` there is the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' gov . james mcgreevey said .	the damaged area of the garage was not stable , with `` the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' mcgreevey said .	3.600
the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something .	0.2
a woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl .	a young girl is singing on a stage .	0.000
you do n't have to worry .	since you have one ticket , you do n't have to worry .	3
ukrainian president leonid kuchma today cut short a visit to latin america as a bitter border wrangle between ukraine and russia deteriorates further .	the dispute has led ukrainian president leonid kuchma to cut short a state visit to latin america .	3.500
gunmen kill 10 in philippine political violence	five killed in philippines volcano eruption	0.60
a plant structure near the top of the plant .	a strong current of air .	0
and that is happening in gop controlled states .	michigan is a gop controlled state .	0.8
earlier this month , rim had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share .	excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .	1.200
a wonderful woman i know has the habenera bag by rei ( link ) .	if you can settle on purple nunatak and feather friends have good sleeping bags in those colors .	0.80
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	russia of putin already lost 12 eminent journalists , assassinated during the six last years .	5.000
the drug is also known as ice or shabu .	methamphetamine is also known as ice .	3.4
this idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling .	the science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic .	0.20
imagine a place that 's % white and % black .	imagine a place with % men and % women .	1
a black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .	a black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .	4.60
is my u.s. driver 's license valid in europe ?	is greek driver 's license valid in the us ?	2
a brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .	a black and white dog frolics in the snow .	2.60
bulb a is connected to switch z	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	1.00
a young girl riding a white and grey horse .	a young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .	3.8
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but this image can survive a further decline ?	2.200
the mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .	the mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .	4.000
suicide bomber kills 4 near nato 's afghan hq	suicide bomber kills 23 at afghan wedding	1.6
former pakistan president pervez musharraf arrested again	former pakistan military ruler pervez musharraf granted bail	3.00
some is grating onion into water .	a person grates a potato into a bowl .	1.500
a woman is adding oil on fishes .	a woman is pouring water on fish .	2.250
the light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit .	there is a complete circuit	1.80
sri lanka 's tamils vote for greater autonomy	syria talks for cameron and putin	0.4
train going down the tracks .	train gliding on tracks .	4.6
notre dame linebacker victim of a catfish type hoax ?	notre dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	4
so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs .	based on the historical record , that recovery was imminent , within a couple of months or so .	0.00
un monitors yet to reach site of syrian 'massacre ' – video	un monitors shot at on way to syrian massacre site	2.4
sudan blocks youtube over anti-islam film	pakistan 's pm orders youtube halt over anti-islam film	2.8
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution on the nice summit , which has just been adopted , does not reflect .	4.250
the questions are many .	there are many questions .	4.800
where in the world is ron paul ?	where in the world is the media ? ?	0.8
someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper .	someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat .	0.200
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	users will be the losers , with employees , and régresseront european competitiveness and growth .	4.750
cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded .	cause to be perplexed or confounded .	5
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	the russia of putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the last six years .	5.000
what more can i do to improve my credit score ?	what can i realistically do to raise my credit score ?	5
there is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here .	it is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots .	2.00
unemployment in # spain climbs again , with no relief in sight ...	spanish joblessness climbs again , with no relief in sight	5
we are excited to see what happens ! ! ? south park ? creators start `` important studios '' # southpark	? south park ? creators to start company , important studios	3.8
a man is riding a motorcycle .	a man is riding a horse .	1.400
a man sits by a dock looking at the water .	a man jumps off a rock into the water	1.33
u.n. agencies : stop the suffering in syria again . powerless .	u.n. : stop the suffering in syria	4.4
it seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .	it is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .	0
stocks rise in early trading	stocks inch higher in early trading	4.40
burst into flames ( telic )	start to burn or burst into flames .	4.250
take away a vital or essential part of something .	take away a vital or essential part of .	4.750
a person is making a bed .	a person is eating at a table .	0.200
two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window .	two cats are looking at a window .	3.6
mr. grassley and mr. baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .	grassley and baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .	3.000
a white plane on the runway .	a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .	4
elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman .	two women sitting on couch posing for camera .	3.6
the center region of an object	the center of an object .	4
not in front , because that way we create a block , and not all the yellow caps on the same benches , we must distribute them in the hall ! '	not before , otherwise it blocks , and not all the yellow caps on the same benches , we must distribute them in the chamber ! '	3
ankara protesters clash with police	peru protesters clash with police	1.80
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside .	a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .	0.00
and the circut is closed	a and c are in the same closed path	1.20
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	4.2
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating ; providing incentive .	4
russia jails pussy riot protest punks for two years	russian court to rule in pussy riot trial	1.8
while queen may refer to both queen regent ( sovereign ) or queen consort , the king has always been the sovereign .	there is a very good reason not to refer to the queen 's spouse as `` king '' - because they are n't the king .	2.00
a man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road .	a man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .	0.20
declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the new york stock exchange .	advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the nyse and more than 11 to 5 on nasdaq .	1.800
microsoft acquired virtual pc when it bought the assets of connectix earlier this year .	microsoft acquired virtual pc from its developer , connectix , earlier this year .	4.400
warn or call to a sense of preparedness	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness .	4.500
the tan dog runs through the leaves .	the white dog runs through the ocean .	1.80
mr howard said he also had faith in the system under which hicks could be tried .	mr howard also said yesterday that hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the us justice system .	4.500
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery .	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.60
`` errors may have exposed veterans to viruses '' uh oh ...	insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses	3.4
what are they trying to hide ?	i then asked : what are they trying to hide ?	3.6
`` leprechauns do n't exist '' - fine .	`` elves do n't exist '' - fine .	3
what is a girl douche ?	you are a girl douche .	1.4
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .	the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .	4.000
do n't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified , she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card , and that was that .	dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do , i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it !	1.50
several relatives of australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few balinese attended the trial .	several relatives of australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few balinese attended the trial .	4.600
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers , arrest 2 , and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine .	during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons ( 5.5 tons ) of opium and morphine .	3.2
this thing reads like one of those pre-written 'death ' articles . creepy .	burt reynolds in intensive care in florida hospital after flu , rep says	0
the dog is barking at the toy .	a dog is barking at a toy .	5.000
the woman is peeling lemon .	the man is balancing on the wire .	0.400
a white dog running through the snow	the black and white dog runs through the grass .	1.40
what is the difference between mono and stereo ?	what is the difference between balls in test and odi cricket ?	0
the smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .	a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .	1.00
producer of popular gun-related videos shot . every gun death is a tragedy .	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	4.2
french parliament backs reform of law on prostitution	russian parliament to consider ban on u.s. adoptions	0.8
how long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?	how long can i keep bread dough in the refrigerator ?	1
a potted plant in sunlight from a window .	a potted plant with only a few sprouting .	2.8
the procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .	the technique is used during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .	4.500
( applause )	i have already replied on this point , and i entirely agree with what he has said on the need to improve considerably the public debate i will not go back to what i said , but it is true that , all too often , the citizens feel foreigners to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know .	0.000
japan starts hearing on sales tax , ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike	3.60
forex & amp ; gold 6 march 2013	forex & gold 12 march 2013	2.6
`` oh , you 're such a good person !	you 're such a bad person ! ''	1.8
the report was found oct. 23 , tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation .	the report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to hicks .	3.200
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .	the jobs , help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs .	4.750
someone is peeling a potato .	someone is slicing a tomato .	1.400
an esso gas station with trees in the background .	two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background .	0
prior to joining kodak , palumbo worked for procter & gamble corp. , where he managed products such as folgers and pantene shampoo .	prior to joining eastman kodak , mr. palumbo held senior marketing positions for procter & gamble .	3.750
as soon as possible .	start them as early as possible .	4
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we started discussions on this issue , which show that all the member states wish to maintaining this ceiling after enlargement .	5.000
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .	the answer to your question is not really .	1
the act of shoving something away	the act of applying force in order to move something away .	4.000
dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singing `` if i could . ''	she won the talent portion singing `` if i could '' and also won in evening wear .	2.800
that 's just not how legal briefs are written .	that just is n't how legal reasoning works .	3.2
manipulate or move something in order to operate .	act or move at high speed .	1.2
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine . the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance .	lead a certain kind of life ; live in a certain style ;	2
back in the day , `` cable '' was used to describe communications sent abroad .	the word `` cable '' has its origins in the days of the telegraph .	3.00
a person is cutting a capsicum into pieces .	a person is slicing a garlic into pieces .	1.600
why did n't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled ?	but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin .	4.60
obama meets mandela family as icon remains in hospital	obamas to meet mandela family wont visit hospital	2.8
what is the significance of the cat ?	what is the significance of the missing elevator car ?	3
brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing	3.8
headlines in major iranian newspapers on april 5	headlines in major iranian newspapers on august 18	3.00
the black dog is walking through the tall grass .	the black dog is running through the grass .	3.80
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which has been decided , which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago , does not properly to trace the origin of animals and we have banned rather belatedly specified risk material .	5.000
the vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .	in vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .	2
move as if unable to control one 's manner or direction of movement .	walk as if unable to control one 's movements .	4
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup .	4
it worked in the snyder case .	that is the entire case .	0.60
young has 28 days to file a response and ask the nasd for a hearing .	under nasd regulations , mr. young can file a response and request a hearing before an nasd panel .	3.500
just another bit of that graph thats false .	other parts of the study 's methodology is flawed .	2.40
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we might then have to avoid a disaster .	3.714
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr. president , the committee on citizens and of the rights of citizens , justice and the businesses interiors prepared with much care the karamanou report/ratio .	4.400
the act of testing something .	the act of retaining something .	0
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the old version of the european reaction ( what the psychologists call “ the desire of the dollar ” ) will become only more penetrating .	4.500
a man is playing a piano .	a guy is peeling a potato .	0.000
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we keep unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
it 's not your fellow citizens ' responsibility to do that .	but do n't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks .	2.20
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will also be discussing the state of progress of accession negotiations , and therefore of enlargement .	5.000
behave or move in a certain manner	be worthy of or have a certain rating .	0
this sweet love story made me weepy . no , really :	the race grows sweeter near its final lap	0
he allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six .	zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks .	3.500
increase in amount , extent , or intensity	go up or advance .	2.750
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree .	not faint or feeble ;	0
she then said she could not give me their number .	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .	0.00
car bomb detonates outside # afghan intelligence agency ; casualty toll unclear .	powerful car bomb explodes outside afghan intelligence agency	4.2
7 killed in attacks in iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in iraq	3.00
gunman who held suburban atlanta firefighters hostage now dead , police say	the lede : video : gunman takes firefighters hostage in georgia	1.40
a person is slicing a carrot into pieces .	a person is cutting an onion into pieces .	1.500
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building	two girls are sitting on an atv on the sand in front of a bridge .	0.40
what is the nuclear option ?	photos show n. korea nuclear readiness	1.2
us afghanistan general linked to petraeus scandal	senior us general linked to petraeus scandal	3.8
carry a burden , real or metaphorical	carry a burden , either real or metaphoric .	5
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	furthermore , we would like to have a chance to prove to the europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro in yugoslavia , recognising the genuine democratic principles .	4.400
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms .	the united states and some european nations believe that iran 's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons .	3.8
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	just like the court of the human rights , the council of europe has to him also a solid experiment with regard to such forms of control . we can take it for base .	3.600
smith said simply `` oh , my god , '' in the seconds afterward , according to weinshall .	in the seconds after the crash , she added , captain smith said simply , `` oh my god . ''	3.750
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects .	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group .	1.4
the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue .	we want a flat , fair and wide base and most importantly , for the government to live within it 's means .	1.40
shares of lendingtree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .	lendingtree shares rose 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than doubling in the last two months .	2.750
four foreign soldiers killed in afghan east	2 british soldiers killed in afghan insider attack	0.8
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone .	i 've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media , not he , was solely to blame .	1.00
the nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 .	the nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday .	2.400
there is much concern over the drug .	there is much work to be done .	0.4
teenager and father killed in crash	three killed in horror crash are named	1.6
car bomb at swedish consulate in libya 's benghazi , no casualties	car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi , none hurt	5.00
move into and stay in a particular position	put into a certain place or abstract location .	3
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization .	1.6
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4 .	ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets .	2.40
the state 's population was 6,080,485 in 2000 , according to the u.s. census .	between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .	2.600
sarkozy to file complaint in gadhafi funding claim	sarkozy to sue after gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign	3.6
fill with high spirits	fill with high spirits ; fill with optimism .	4.250
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .	5.000
us senators penalize pakistan for jailing doctor who aided cia	us decries pakistan doctor 's fate	2.8
state of being active	the state of being active .	5.000
to stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption .	there is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this .	0.00
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson that this house in this morning 's debate must learn is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are all over the world , in a state of chaos , and that we must set about the task to sort all this out .	4.200
claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 with 85-mph wind .	claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 , classified as a category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .	4.000
part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion .	pro-life also refers to just `` opposition to abortion '' .	3.8
three children stand on or near a fence .	the three children are standing on and by a fence .	4.60
stocks rise in early trading	us stocks ease in choppy trading	2
i think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this .	one general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others .	0.00
german shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	a dog jumps through a hoop .	3.20
the recipe i work from has you put the meat in the freezer , then pan sear it .	starting with a whole chilled piece of meat , i quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface .	1.40
presi*dent obama would double it .	president obama would continue that trend .	2.30
not astros or orioles bad gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .	gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .	3
three dogs in the snow by a fence .	two dogs drink water in a lake .	1.00
the have the same electrical states	the terminals are in the same state .	3.66666666666667
someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role .	3
taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	china rocked by twin earthquakes	1.2
the act of spending , disbursing funds	the act of spending or disbursing money .	5
a man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom .	the man swept the empty living room .	3.333
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one .	5.000
a group of peoples posing in fur hats .	a group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on .	0
an area that is central within some larger region .	an area that is approximately central within some larger region .	4.500
special police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday in the siberian city of novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .	police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the siberian city of novosibirsk .	4.800
identify , establish location or identity	recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something .	4.4
iran warns moscow nuclear talks could stall	iranians “ confess ” to nuclear scientist murders	1.2
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is rightly that the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights persists in the rejection of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be below 7 % .	4.800
ankeet chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	ankeet chavan granted bail to get married	5.00
a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces .	a woman is cutting potatoes .	1.800
with a goal and simple methods , sv hamburg reaches top of the league table .	with a goal and simple methods , the sv hamburg becomes first of the league .	5
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .	a person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd	1.80
so in essence it is a popularity contest between webpages .	it is essentially a popularity meter .	3
provide or equip specifically with furniture .	provide or equip with furniture .	4.6
a man sleeps with a baby in his lap .	a man asleep in a chair holding a baby .	4
the mdc called the strike to force mr mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the zimbabwe crisis .	the mdc called the week-long protest to urge mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country .	4.000
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth .	a dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .	3.60
the people versus putin	people against putin	4.750
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain unanimity in council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.500
there was nothing left but to collect the hostages '' , when suddenly , `` this surprise '' occurred .	there is nothing left to collect the hostages ' , when suddenly , `` this surprise '' occurred .	5
keep something intact , maintain unchanged condition	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction .	4.2
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but can this image survive a continuation of the decline ?	3.750
a boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .	a child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .	2.80
terminal 2 had a 0.00 v .	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected	1
mali interim leader takes office	mali 's interim president sworn into office	4.2
assign to or arrange into categories	arrange or order by classes or categories .	4.4
scientists resurrect flowers from prehistoric seeds	nintendo trims red ink , lowers forecast for year	0
helicopter crashes near rail station in london	helicopter crashes in london	4
national breast cancer centre chief executive professor christine ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women .	national breast cancer centre head professor christine ewan said there was no need for panic .	2.600
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	2.20
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .	1.000
a double decker bus drives on a city street .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .	3.6
thai army declares martial law	thailand 's army declares martial law , denies coup	3
hold in a given state or situation	create and charge with a task or function .	0
look furtively at something .	look furtively .	4.000
revolve	change directions as if revolving on a pivot .	1.750
a slight cut in a physical surface	a slight surface cut ( especially a notch that is made to keep a tally ) .	3.750
pakistan 's musharraf charged over bhutto murder	pakistan 's musharraf charged in bhutto death	4.80
a dog biting on a can .	a dog opens a can of food .	1.750
a light-colored dog runs through the grass .	a dog runs through the grass .	4.00
british-based glaxosmithkline plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to canadian drugstores that ship to the united states .	glaxosmithkline , the uk drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to canadian stores shipping drugs to the us .	4.200
dolce and gabbana convicted of tax evasion	dolce and gabbana fined in italian tax case	3
i once met a physicists who held the strong ai position .	although i believe searle is mistaken , i do n't think you have found the problem .	0.20
egypt 'freezes muslim brotherhood assets '	egypt freezes muslim brotherhood funds	5
consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .	to watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .	3.400
the shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares turner held at the end of april , according to bloomberg data .	the sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares mr turner held at the end of april .	3.800
clean the urinated zone with vinegar ( i used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten ) .	others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area .	1.40
it depends how you define extreme .	depends on how you define `` extreme '' .	5
three children and playing and laughing on the floor .	three children playing on the floor .	3.80
a state of pretending to be someone , something else	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something .	3.333
russian influence on rise in # israel	rise of russians in israel	4.2
a girl is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.800
a cause or source of harm	a cause of pain or injury or loss .	3.750
tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen weakens as it nears u.s. gulf coast	2.60
terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
the black and brown dog is playing in the yard .	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .	2.40
iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of u.n. sanctions over ex-president saddam hussein 's 1990 occupation of kuwait and by the u.s.-led war to oust him which ended in april .	iraq 's economy was shattered under former president saddam hussein and by the u.s.-led war to oust him which ended in april .	3.750
chinese stocks close higher midday friday	chinese stocks open lower friday	1
make or become less strict or severe	make less severe or strict .	4.500
he said at every level .	but he said every level .	4.6
the bush administration blames hussein loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .	the bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on saddam loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops .	5.000
the act of protesting , dissenting	the act of breaking something .	0
a woman covers a piece of meat with flour .	a woman is seasoning a piece of meat .	3.000
( medicine ) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease .	( medicine ) the condition in which an organism can resist disease .	4.000
what does it mean by a `` research university '' ?	what does `` university ranking '' mean for a graduate admissions committee ?	1
london marathon observes silence for boston bomb victims	london marathon observes silence for boston victims	4.6
a pair of mated people , e.g. , married	a pair of people who live together .	5.000
oracle shares were also higher , trading up 12 cents at $ 13.60 .	shares of redwood shores-based oracle rose 14 cents to $ 13.62 .	2.000
slutstamp ! a dear friend from ohio sent me this .	a dear friend from ohio sent me this .	3.6
three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .	three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the union jack .	4.80
a black dog is running in snow .	a black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth .	1.80
israel ends airstrike case ; palestinians critical	israeli gunboats fire at palestinian fishermen	1.40
however , i do not think so .	but i do not know how to prove it .	0
a woman is dancing .	a woman is playing violin .	0.400
the political stock market	the politicisation of the securities markets	2.500
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	first of all , the simplification and clarification of the treaties .	5.000
the argument was `` albert einstein did n't go to college '' .	omg , `` einstein did n't go to college . ''	4.2
along with chipmaker intel , the companies include sony corp. , microsoft corp. , hewlett-packard co. , ibm corp. , gateway inc. and nokia corp .	along with chip maker intel , the companies include sony , microsoft , hewlett-packard , international business machines , gateway , nokia and others .	4.800
the act of moving , turning something	the act of describing something .	0
a man is picking up a tree .	a man is carrying a tree .	3.800
more deaths expected in canada oil train explosion	five dead in canada train crash	2.80
mel gibson 's passion-stirring biblical epic `` the passion of christ '' will open in the united states on feb. 25 - ash wednesday on the roman catholic calendar .	mel gibson is negotiating with newmarket films to distribute his embattled biblical epic `` the passion of christ '' in the united states .	2.000
irreligion that does that i have a problem .	religion that does n't do that i do n't have a problem with .	1.6
al pacino to play joe paterno in brian de palma 's tentatively entitled film `` happy valley '' # sportsbiz	pacino to play paterno in film	3.6
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	protect or fight for as a champion .	2.8
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	- british labour members of the group of the party of european socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the igc on closer cooperation , without fully adhere to all the details of it .	4.750
secondary public school , grades 9-12	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12 .	4.750
pak missions in uae gear up for elections	islamist parties in egypt unite for elections	1.4
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i find exemplary that france will be to take this step .	4.800
a girl is eating a cupcake .	a man is playing a trumpet .	0.000
the labelling of beef that was agreed on , which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago , does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced , and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials .	the labelling of beef which has been decided , which is a minimum labelling and which entered into force for two and a half months , does not allow for properly tracing the origin of animals , and we have belatedly banned specified risk material .	5.000
a man is slicing a carrot by a machine .	a man is standing in the rain .	0.400
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
rupert murdoch inherited his father 's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. ( australia ) .	murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire .	3.80
egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls	egypt 's interim president swears in new cabinet	1.4
pass into a state or condition	pass into a specified state or condition .	5.000
5 killed in israeli air strikes in gaza	38 is militants killed in clashes , air strikes in iraq	0
a man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .	a dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .	0.00
a woman is wearing headphones .	a woman is chopping some shiso leaves .	0.600
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	observe or plot the moving path of something .	0.4
the act of appraising , critiquing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	1
two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole .	two green birds flying above the telephone wires .	3.2
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you think that the model of the `` - '' - namely the majority - will be in the future as a means of taking in ignoring the european institutions and to a new institution , or a new group , to be able to bypass the rule of unanimity in the council ?	3.600
russia , china veto un resolution on syria endorsing	russia , china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for syria ( reuters )	3.8
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists , black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them .	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons , the materials to make them , and the missiles and other systems to deliver them .	3.6
lol do n't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the us ?	is there a test to own a firearm in the us ?	0.8
thousands of troops to march for jubilee	thousands flock to amsterdam for queen 's day	1.2
russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in ukraine	russia warns it will 'respond ' if interests in ukraine attacked	5
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't .	you have to know what you want to do .	0
if the path is directly connected to the battery , then the switch affects a bulb .	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	4.40
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	the value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .	1
in that case , the court held that cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .	in that case , the court held that the city of cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlets .	5.000
it was not a closed path	there was no longer a closed path containing bulb c and the battery	1.80
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cats are looking at a window .	3.8
james murdoch quits bskyb	james murdoch quits role at bskyb	4.2
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	5.00
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	bend into the shape of a crank .	0.750
someone is slicing a tomato .	someone is slicing fruit .	3.200
i would say you can do it , but it would n't be advised .	personally , i would say not unless it suits you .	2
the order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .	in vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .	1
a close-up , distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle .	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it .	0
another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker , the sandra tapias .	a spanish tanker , sandra tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , in the afternoon .	4.400
a woman is attempting to ride a small wave .	a man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .	0.00
a man is riding on a horse .	a man is talking on a phone .	1.000
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .	1.000
a person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors .	a person jumping a motorbike in the air .	2.2
apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny .	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny .	5.000
someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot .	the man is pouring broth into the pot .	3.750
a girl is playing guitar .	a girl is playing a piano .	2.000
a girl is jumping .	a boy is rock climbing .	0.60
two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .	two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .	0.17
i 'm going to be very direct here .	i 'm going to be blunt , here : you do n't .	4
a girl is singing and playing a guitar .	a young man is singing while playing the guitar .	2.400
a dog running through a forest in the winter time	a dog running through a lot of twigs .	3.20
a dog runs through a field chasing a ball .	a child runs through the grass .	0.20
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	thus , it is urgent that manpower of the interdepartmental group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the general secretariat of the commission , so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied , during their examination by the college on basis of article 299 , paragraph 2 , of a detailed impact statement .	4.400
tuesday , at the beginning of trade , the stock exchange of prague renoua with his downfall of the day before , when it lost almost six percent .	tuesday , with the start of trade , the stock exchange of prague continued with its downfall of the day before , when it lost almost six percent .	4
ces keynote : young people today are 'born # mobile ' # hitech	ces : young people are 'born mobile '	4.2
it is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services , will last .	the safeguarding of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long .	3.200
russian parliament allows putin to use military in ukraine	russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern ukraine : fm	1.80
car bombs kill 58 in iraqi capital	car bombings kill 13 civilians in iraqi capital	2.40
the wrong time to spoil the rat of pozoblanco	bad weather spoils the fair at pozoblanco	2
a black dog running into the water .	a black dog running through water .	4.60
jordan elected to take saudi seat on un security council	jordan elected to un security council seat that saudi arabia rejected	3
when it disrupts a complete path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	0.80
for many , the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices .	for many , the main advantage of mobile music is their prices .	3
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.20
yes , twins can develop their own language , but it 's not a given .	here 's what i saw with my fraternal twins : while learning to speak , all children develop some of their own dialect .	2.60
it creates a gap , so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs .	there is an open path	0.80
leon williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 bay st. , in tompkinsville .	the dead man , leon williams , was found in his third-floor apartment .	3.400
4 killed , 6 injured in attacks in iraq	43 killed , 86 wounded in attacks in iraq	2.40
the lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl .	a woman is pouring eyes into a bowl .	1.000
terminal connected to positive charge	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	2.20
for the year , it expects sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations .	this is an increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast .	0.750
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .	4.571
the company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .	that was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .	4.176
a little boy clowns with a colander on his head .	a boy with a metal colander on his head .	4.20
bulb a will no longer be completing the circuts .	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	2.20
a woman swims underwater .	a woman is swimming .	3.800
make or become wider or more extensive	become broader or wider or more extensive .	5.000
the battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.80
the fashionable elite of a given community	the fashionable elite .	3.250
two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .	two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .	3.40
syrian army retakes crusader castle from rebels	syrian army retakes historic crusader castle	4.60
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .	employment , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment .	5.000
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i find exemplary that france determined itself to cross this step .	4.400
make a certain size or sort according to size	make to a size ; bring to a suitable size .	4.250
angela merkel headed for narrow win in german elections	malawi 's new president sworn in after disputed elections	0.40
a woman is cutting a leak .	a woman is slicing a leek .	4.000
what kind of socket is this ?	what kind of bug is this ?	0
when i needed a travel tripod , i also opted for a trekpod .	an alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the trekpod .	3.00
nasa satellite images show that arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .	researchers found that sea ice in the arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade .	3.200
fatah endorses refusal to recognise israel	pakistan denounces latest drone attack	0.20
geraldine andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .	geraldine andrews , reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of wilson 's family , said robinson had recently taken wilson out of a mental health facility .	4.000
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is necessary that the european union gets involved and that it makes it fast .	5.000
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing .	2.4
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a trumpet .	1.714
this depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased .	tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge , but i actually recommend against keeping them there .	2.00
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	it is a shame when they believe that the european union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of the life !	3.600
the ( period of ) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power .	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power .	4.500
a brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .	a brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .	4.00
a woman and man are dancing in the rain .	a man and woman are dancing in rain .	5.000
( cause to ) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space .	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense .	2.6
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the european citizens .	4.500
south korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles	2.2
full episode : nightline 6/29 : katie holmes , tom cruise to divorce	custody , images at stake in cruise-holmes divorce	1.4
because it creates a gap , so the circuit becomes incomplete	a damaged bulb creates a gap	2.20
a black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up .	black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up .	3.6
the white and brown dog is shaking its ears .	the brown dog is running across the sand .	1.40
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something .	0.8
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing	a concentrated example of something .	2.750
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore , and officials stated the militants ' network extends into indonesia .	suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore .	3
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab .	3.750
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity .	4.250
cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets	why cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense	2.6
a person who memorizes or learns quickly	a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor .	0
a man plays the guitar .	a man is playing the guitar .	5.000
us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief	senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair	4.6
a feeling for something that is desired intensely .	something that is desired intensely .	4.500
further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr shed 25/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .	early wednesday , the benchmark 10-year us10yt=rr had lost 16/32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late tuesday .	3.000
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army	the act of competing as for profit or a prize .	0.4
a deficiency , state of disappointment , non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose .	3.2
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus ...	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices .	1.20
the act of testing something .	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0
canada train plot suspects reject charges	canadians released in egypt , not yet heading home	1.00
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei .	the president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it , and it particuli�rement is particuli�rement eclipsed by the guide supr�me the ayatollah ali khamenei .	3.750
the act of putting something to use .	the path followed by an object moving through space .	0
cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops .	2.8
a boy is making some dance steps .	a boy is pouring something from a pitcher .	0.400
should babies be left to `` cry it out ? `` ...	should babies just 'cry it out ' ?	4.6
the man , who entered the post office in lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m .	the man had entered the post office on woodside avenue at maine avenue shortly before 3 p.m .	2.800
this frame contains ( transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time . the frame elements are count , unit and process . in this frame , we will not annotate deictic , calendric uses of nouns like week , month , etc . as in `` next week , this month , in the 21st century '' .	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something ;	0.8
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps the most important , ahmadinejad destabilising influence , not bernanke .	5.000
the man played his guitar .	a guy is singing while playing his guitar .	3.000
an authoritative text or the corresponding citation .	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage .	3.750
the difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.40
a toy train is striking a toy car .	a toy train strikes a toy car .	5.000
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	4
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea .	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms .	0.8
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of .	4
2 americans killed as afghan unrest enters fifth day	two american officers murdered as afghan unrest continues	4.2
typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .	typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .	5
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	this is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices .	4.600
the act or means of getting rid of something .	the act of removing or getting rid of something .	5
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan .	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way .	1.8
a cat is licking himself .	a man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer .	0.000
i wonder if the commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the european union is involved as from today .	i wonder whether the police chief envisages already stages which will make it possible to show that we regard kostunica as the legally elected representative of serbian people and as the partner with whom the european union will have henceforth to treat .	4.400
a set of pieces of creative work for showing	a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers .	4.2
two children splashing in the water .	two dolphins jumping into the water .	1.40
obama condemns egypt violence , cancels military exercises	pakistan condemns violence in egypt	0.80
brown cow with horns standing in a field .	brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .	1.8
# myanmar s fight with armed # rebels edges toward china # burma # kachin	myanmar fighting edges toward china	3
which country has most economic freedom ? # economy # economics	country with freest economy is ...	4.6
nyt story on grounding of boeing 787s	f.a.a . orders grounding of u.s.-operated boeing 787s	3.2
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .	a boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .	0.00
a white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .	a fluffy , white dog running in the snow .	4.60
a person is slicing some garlic .	a person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife .	3.750
what kind of spider web is this - and how do i get rid of it ?	what are these bugs and how do i get rid of them ?	2
three afghans killed in suicide attack	three afghans dead in new blast at us base in east afghanistan	3.6
deal reached on new italian government	italy to swear in new coalition government	3.4
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i am nevertheless convinced that our parliament would have done better to its voice heard by spending , for the council of nice , a resolution specific and separate with so important and so difficult issues to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the council .	4.000
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts .	illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security .	3.2
a pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top .	pile of wooden debris with chair on top .	4
a boy is pushing a van .	a person is slicing a tomato .	0.000
the police began their continued until the vehicle stops two miles up the low-hand , where the two occupants took to flee in a forested area .	the police began their chase until the vehicle stopped two miles up the road , where the two occupants got down to flee into a forested area .	5
iranian president makes debut on world stage	iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken	0.60
confine in or as if in a prison	lock up or confine , in or as in a jail .	5
a scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .	a yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage .	0
the act of talking about the features of something .	the act of sharing in the activities of a group .	1.2
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.714
japan pm calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster	1
they were at raffles hospital over the weekend for further evaluation .	they underwent more tests over the weekend , and are now warded at raffles hospital .	3.200
you can see where the gap is	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	2.20
they will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams .	they will continue to put pressure . the money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grammes enables them to strengthen their position .	4.800
find out or determine , perhaps after a calculation or investigation .	find out , learn , or determine with certainty , usually by making an inquiry or other effort .	4.4
a blue bird standing on a lawn .	blue bird standing on green grass .	4.6
britain teeters toward triple-dip recession cnnmoney	britain risks new recession	3.4
ten rescued off waterford , dublin coasts	six rescued after boat capsizes in dublin bay	3
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540 : army	bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600	2.8
selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .	selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .	4.571
most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from july 1 .	australia 's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $ 3 and $ 11 a week from treasurer peter costello last night .	3.250
the dow jones industrial average .dji ended up 56.79 points , or 0.67 percent , at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since january 17 .	the dow jones industrial average ( $ dj : news , chart , profile ) rose 56 points , or 0.7 percent , to 8,588 .	3.600
bulb a and bulb b and the battery are in a closed path .	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	3.20
fantastic read from on imprtnce of narratives : `` ... stories , not algorithms , give order to our hectic world . ''	opinion : tv , the thinking person ? s entertainment of choice	0
the boy is playing the piano .	a band is playing on stage .	1.333
i think it is depends on the program .	it depends on how the term is used i think .	2
a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .	5.00
a dog runs through the grass .	a dog runs across the grass .	4.80
a man is eating a banana .	someone is peeling a banana .	1.800
but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward .	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .	0.00
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of testing something .	0
red double decker bus driving through the streets .	double decker passenger bus driving with traffic .	4
the man is talking .	a man is walking down stairs .	0.400
the black and white dog is swimming in the river .	a black man and his dog on the beach .	0.60
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington .	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc .	3.8
make a line or marks on a surface ; copy by following the lines of	make a mark or lines on a surface .	4.000
take in ( mentally or physically )	take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution .	1.8
the additional contribution brings total u.s. food aid to north korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .	the donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of u.s. contributions for the year to 100,000 .	3.200
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
he was arrested tuesday night at a northwest atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt .	he was arrested in atlanta , georgia , on monday night by police acting on a tip-off .	2.400
when studying adult iq , general adult norms are often used .	basically , what you do is you compare each age group iq to the standardization sample .	2.60
a white dog walking in the snow .	a black and tan dog walking through the snow .	3.00
rep. peter deutsch , d-fla. , criticized the fda 's efforts in florida .	peter deutsch , d-fla. , said he wanted to congratulate the fda .	2.000
nyt books - books of the times : ? the river swimmer , ? a pair of novellas by jim harrison : ? the river swimmer , ? ji ...	books of the times : ? the river swimmer , ? two novellas by jim harrison	4.6
a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the ten commandments monument from the building .	supporters asked a federal court monday to block the removal of a ten commandments monument from the alabama judicial building .	3.200
un monitors yet to reach site of syrian 'massacre ' – video	un monitors unable to reach site of syria killings	4.4
someone is playing a piano .	someone is playing guitar .	2.400
yellow boat on a beach .	a yellow boat on shore .	4
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr. president , the cashman report/ratio can summarize himself in a few words : capacity of the citizens on the bureaucracy .	5.000
someone is drawing .	someone is dancing .	0.300
what causes these chips in a cement brick wall , and how can i fix them ?	what are these holes in my concrete wall and how can i mount things to them ?	2
is it ok to apply for more than one phd student program ?	is it advisable to apply to more than one phd program ?	4
a man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky .	the train is riding on the tracks in the snow .	0
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive .	5.000
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .	who more is , the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates .	4.750
syrian forces storm central town	syrian forces bombard homs , russia warns of civil war	2.5
the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .	several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .	4.80
sean harrigan , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggested paring down the nyse 's 27-member board , changing its composition and making it more accountable .	sean harrigan , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggested paring the nyse 's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry .	3.400
asian markets mixed on china trade data	asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears	1.40
a group of people having a meal outside .	a group of people eat at a table outside .	4.2
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .	4.6
juror : sandusky appeared to accept his fate	jerry sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse	1.6
it depends on what they are .	it depends on what they are evaluating , and how .	2
red cross worker killed in pakistan	british red cross doctor kidnapped in pakistan found beheaded	3.6
( the sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m . )	( the meeting , stopped with 14:06 , is taken again at 3 p.m . )	4.800
`` they 've been in the stores for over six weeks , '' says carney .	the quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks , '' carney added .	2.600
a man is serving cake .	a man seasoning quail .	0.750
watery rot on produce caused by fungus	soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi .	4.2
two dogs running down a beach .	two dogs running on the beach	4.80
stocks close 0.39 % higher	singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower	1.6
volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares , up from 798.95 million at the same point tuesday .	volume came to 439.66 million shares , below 450.39 million at the same point wednesday .	1.500
us readies possible solo action against syria	us makes case for action against syria	3.4
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground .	4
fishing-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line .	3.750
a woman opens a window .	a woman is looking out a window .	2.000
and yet , the titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence .	the new study shows that the titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo .	1.6
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military .	the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law .	3.2
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied , and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon .	4.600
how can i stop my cat 's playful yet aggressive behavior ?	is my cat 's aggressive behavior playful or mean , and how do i stop it ?	3
joining stern and mcentee on stage was international union of painters and allied trades president james williams .	the international union of painters and allied trades endorsed mr dean several weeks ago .	2.600
although truth is a the higher standard ... : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission	readers sue armstrong for book refund	4.2
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but this image further decline can survive ?	2.750
`` if you pass this bill , big brother will be watching you , '' said rep. john mabry , d-waco .	`` if you pass this bill , '' rep. john mabry jr. , d-waco , told colleagues , `` big brother will be watching you . ''	4.800
authorities identified the tipster as richard powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .	powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982 .	3.200
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
chairman michael powell and fcc colleagues at the wednesday hearing .	fcc chief michael powell presides over hearing monday .	3.200
shots , explosions heard as thais continue protest in bangkok	gunshots , explosions rock thai protest day ahead of polls	2.6
a dog jumps over a chain .	a dog leaping over a chain .	5.00
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week .	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week .	4.8
the rotating motion of an object	rotary motion of an object around its own axis .	3.6
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open ( a place ) to members of all races and ethnic groups .	5.000
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
because positive charge is before gap	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.83
construct an optimal solution from computed values .	the last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .	4
the afl-cio is waiting until october to decide if it will endorse a candidate .	the afl-cio announced wednesday that it will decide in october whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .	4.000
a woman is adding oil on fishes .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.800
as an complement to the other answers , let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking .	the other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense .	0.40
pakistan condemns us drone strike in shawal area	pakistan condemns us drone strike in miranshah	3.2
amazon launches new device for streaming video	amazon unveils new fire tv streaming video box	4.20
hezbollah 's nasrallah warns us over anti-islam film	hezbollah calls for more anti-islam film protests	2.8
a group of men walk and hang onto ropes .	a group of men play a college football game .	1.40
the bulb is not contained in the path	the bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	3.33
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	ships greeks have sunk , without that there are the slightest storm in the exist , mr gayssot .	4.400
he will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .	dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .	4.000
south asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .	of the 1.1 million infected in south asia , 62 % are female .	4.000
bangladesh islamist execution upheld	bangladesh executes opposition leader	3.4
expel or eject ( saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit ) from the mouth .	expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .	4.4
bulb b does not effect the other bulbs	there is an incomplete circuit	0.80
in technical computer manuals we use the word `` deprecate '' .	i would suggest `` advise against . ''	3.4675
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china .	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china .	4.4
a young woman is putting stickers all over her face .	a woman is applying stickers to her face .	4.800
iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks	4.20
another shooting linked to the spree occurred nov. 11 at hamilton central elementary in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .	the latest shooting linked to the spree was a nov. 11 shooting at hamilton township elementary school in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .	4.800
a kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table .	a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .	4.4
care of the elderly : the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels .	study : more to meal delivery than food	2
i 've never accused him of over-milligraming , nothing .	i 've never accused him of doctoring a baseball .	0.4
a cat and a ferret are playing .	a ferret and kitten play together .	4.250
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time .	0.4
the end of the hong kong protests ?	uk 'concern ' over hong kong protests	2
a cook seasons some dough .	a man is seasoning some dough in a pan .	3.750
release from confinement , obligation , or a burden	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to .	3.2
you are a christian .	therefore you are not a christian .	1.4
most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food , as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction .	eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them .	0.67
a man holds a small animal in one hand .	a man shows off a small monkey .	1.750
first significant gas found offshore kenya	raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in kenya	0.8
unfortunately , this question can not be answered in its full generality .	this can not be answered in general .	4
some daily on daily crime right here . mt : on filib . reform ? unintelligible :	bipartisan filibuster deal is taking shape in senate	0.6
prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an illinois pet shop by a gambian giant rat imported from africa .	prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a gambian rat imported from africa .	3.600
two females jump off of swings .	two girls jump out of swings .	4.60
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something .	1.4
culminating event	be the culminating event .	3.750
a woman peels shrimp .	a woman is peeling shrimp .	5.000
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	firstly , that of a simplification of the treaties .	4.200
this is a weird article . `` ray kurzweil says we ’ re going to live forever ''	talk : ray kurzweil says we ? re going to live forever	4.4
spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity .	2.8
un report says both sides in syria abuse rights	nato leader plays down risk of turkey-syria clash	1
the man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach .	a man is taking pictures of a lake .	2.200
there are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometimes called eidetic memory .	there are many arguments for why this is not the case .	0.00
clearly , explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	we must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of bse , not only in france but also in other member states .	4.667
the damaged bulb b has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.20
strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement .	strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat .	4.250
if i 'm angry , it will show up in one of those scans..	if i 'm hyper active , it will show up in one of those scans..	3.2
a mostly black train on a track .	a car parked in front of train tracks .	1
tunisia	tunisia	5.000
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .	4.250
fires threaten parts of australia -	photos : fires across australia	2.8
two people sailing a small white sail boat .	couple sailing in a small sailboat .	4.2
lean in sisters ... .nytimes : she ’ s ( rarely ) the boss	op-ed columnist : she ? s ( rarely ) the boss	3.8
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .	a boy is playing a guitar .	0.000
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	5.00
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	180 killed in iran earthquake	0
ursel reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .	ursel reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .	4.800
it creates a gap in the current .	the open switch creates a gap	3.40
yee is a 1990 graduate of the u.s. military academy at west point , new york .	yee grew up in the united states and graduated from the u.s. military academy at west point .	4.000
hoy confirmed the woman 's age tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family .	hoy confirmed the woman 's age tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family , but is expected to return this week .	3.400
belgian king albert ii to step down in favor of son	belgium king albert ii 'to abdicate '	4.20
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was no qualified majority in this parliament to go back to article 272 .	5.000
the train sits at the train station .	a train parked at a train station .	4.6
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight .	4.500
terminal 6 is connected to the difference	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	2.40
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek imperative more the need to promote measures , of strengthening the institutions and the respect of human rights in albania .	4.400
lessen in force , impact , or effect	make less severe or harsh .	2.500
a little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .	a man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background	0.00
a girl is applying makeup on her face .	a woman is putting on makeup .	2.750
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time .	2.6
38 killed in rains , flash floods in pakistan	three killed in brazil stadium collapse	0.40
how can i work out how valuable i am to my boss and company ?	how can i convince my boss i am the right person to lead a future team ?	3
repeat ; reestablish or begin again	reestablish on a new , usually improved , basis or make new or like new .	4.25
the state of having options , alternatives	the act of coming to land after a voyage .	0.6
• p ( b|a ) is the conditional probability of b given a .	p ( a|b ) is the conditional probability of a , given b .	3
bulb a and c will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.40
if you do n't want to pay for adobe acrobat pro , as @ schultem mentions , latex can do this with embedded hyperlinks .	if you do n't mind hosting your files online , slideshare is a good solution .	0.80
sirius carries national public radio , although it does n't include popular shows such as `` all things considered '' and `` morning edition . ''	sirius recently began carrying national public radio , a deal pooh-poohed by xm because it does n't include popular shows like all things considered and morning edition .	3.400
four other men who were also charged in june have already pleaded guilty .	four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts .	3.200
dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .	the black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .	2.00
the battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	3.80
charlie brown voice actor charged	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4.6
parked white double decker bus .	a red and white double decker bus is parked .	4.2
a reference line used to align lettering	a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters .	4.250
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation .	4.000
suarez set for cup comeback	french set for mali ground combat	0.8
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	the occupants of a floor .	4.6
my hair is pretty thing tho : / quote : ditto .	my hair is pretty thing tho : / woops !	3.8
a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .	a orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .	4
the skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .	the skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .	2.40
iranian president calls for new nuclear talks	iranian minister blames west for failed nuke talks	2
there is no freedom of religion .	there is no freedom of speech .	1.2
if i understand you correctly , you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion .	inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding .	2.60
i am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman 's body .	you want others to decide over a woman body .	2.8
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	we can actually want more and better , but i think quite honestly that it is a good start .	4.800
p ( a ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2/5 ) .	what is the probability this student is a girl ?	2
syrian troops kill 35 in damascus suburb	activists : syrian troops kill dozens near damascus	3.6
n. korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle	north korea 's kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle	4.60
two cows standing in a large field .	horse standing in a field .	1.6
become or cause to become obstructed	become or cause to become soft or liquid .	1.2
opening shot in billiards or pool	the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool .	4.4
two buses parked on a street .	yellow scooter parked in an alley way .	0.4
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation	a demanding or stimulating situation .	4.500
a man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .	a man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .	3.60
a woman dances while a man plays the keyboard .	a woman is dancing on a stage .	2.200
germinate , as in a plant .	produce buds , branches , or germinate .	3.500
connect with ; reach a target or goal	perceive with the senses quickly , suddenly , or momentarily .	0.000
( cause to ) be firmly attached or closed .	cause to be firmly attached .	4.4
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	it is `` prior '' in the sense that it does not take into account any information about b .	0
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	you need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it .	1
a subway train pulling into the station .	a white train pulling into a station .	3.6
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a ( generally implicit ) judge .	very pleasing to the eye ;	3.2
decorate a manuscript with red	decorate ( manuscripts ) with letters painted red .	3.8
kranjcar leaves it late to rescue qpr against moses-inspired stoke	harry kane leaves it late to rescue a point for tottenham hotspur	0
cmdr . rod gibbons , an academy spokesman , said , `` the academy is shocked and saddened .	naval academy spokesman cmdr . rod gibbons said : `` today 's announcement came as a surprise .	3.250
last night japanese forces attacked hong kong .	last night japanese forces attacked the philippine islands .	2.6
my son did n't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday .	here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years .	1.60
a search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house , authorities said wednesday .	authorities performed an autopsy thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest indiana home .	2.400
shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source .	emit a steady even light without flames .	3.500
the fact that google is a base for genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction . the famous novel by cory doctorow , writes with half orwellien tones , describing the future in which a man could be approached only through data from google .	the fact that google is a genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction . the novel cory doctorow of the famous , writing with half-tone orwelliens , described the future in which a man could be approached so outrageous only through data from google .	5
i think we made the right case and did the right thing . ''	mr blair went on : `` i think we did the right thing in relation to iraq .	2.769
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the karamanou report .	4.600
a black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .	a black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field .	4.2
close up of a bottle of water .	a close up view of a bottle of water .	4.4
egypt 's presidential election begins	egypt issues long-waited presidential election law	2.80
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is a more controversial subject , the commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation .	4.400
a blond haired lady in white poses for the camera .	a black and white dog runs with its mouth open .	0.00
how do i make a height adjustable desk ?	how can i build a wall mounted adjustable height desk ?	4
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c .	bulb b is in a separate path	3.60
not counting energy prices , wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent .	energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since july 1986 .	1.600
the tech-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .	the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index .ixic was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .	1.600
morsi supporters clash with riot police in cairo	protesters clash with riot police in kiev	0.8
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing a wooden flute .	1.400
jetblue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane , not guilty	jetblue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty	3.8
the similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system .	it is used in information retrieval and was first used in the smart information retrieval system .	1
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe .	5.000
an agent has attempted to achieve a goal , and the actual outcome of the agent 's action has been resolved , so that it either specifically matches the agent 's intent ( e.g . success ) or does not match it ( e.g . failure ) .	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome ;	2
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal .	4
i remember when i left school and went to college , all my friends stayed at school sixth form .	this september i left home , and started at university .	2.00
because their is a gap between a and c now .	there is an incomplete circuit	3.00
france warns syria over chemical weapons use	u.n. concerned at possible syria chemical weapons	2.2
make liberal or more liberal , become more liberal , usually in terms of laws or rules .	make liberal or more liberal , of laws and rules .	4.6
soldier 'ca n't recall ' massacre	us soldier ‘ doesn ’ t recall massacre ’	4.4
whilst employment may be the european union ' s priority policy , fisheries , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sidelines .	if employment is the priority union policy , fishing , as an economic sector , can not remain in margin .	4.500
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something	an acknowledgment of appreciation .	2.250
terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	4.00
a boy studies a calendar .	a boy is looking at a calendar .	4.400
obama to announce gun control plans wednesday	obama to set out gun control plans	3.6
any activity that acquires a person 's attention .	any activity that occupies a person 's attention .	5.000
a young girl is sitting on santa 's lap .	a little girl is sitting on santa 's lap	4.80
even thought i 've downloaded # google maps for # iphone , i 'm still using # apple 's built in maps . they 're easier to use .	google gains from creating apps for the opposition	1.4
two dogs in the snow	two dogs play in the grass .	2.40
indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	3.8
shares of lendingtree soared $ 5.99 , or 40.1 percent , to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading on the nasdaq stock market .	shares of lendingtree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .	2.200
freezing motion generally requires one , maybe two things : fast shutter speed , and flash at the right time .	in addition to @ pearsonartphoto 's answer , you can use flash ( either the built-in or better yet , an extarnal ) to freeze the motion .	2.60
a man is folding a piece of paper .	a man is slicing a plastic container with a sword .	0.500
eu receives nobel peace prize	eu receives 2012 nobel peace prize	3.6
it 's so stupid that it just has to be true .	it 's amusing to think it even might be true .	3
he was tracked to atlanta where he was arrested on tuesday night .	he was arrested in atlanta , georgia , on monday night by police acting on a tip-off .	2.500
`` this is extraordinarily fast , '' said matt geller , an analyst at cibc world markets .	they are actually going to record sales for velcade this year , '' said matt geller , an analyst at cibc world markets .	2.250
as of tuesday , almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine .	in addition , 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine .	1.500
12 killed , 25 injured in bomb blast in nw pakistan	6 killed , 12 injured in blast in nw pakista	2.6
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , in my speech i shall focus on the report by mrs lalumière report , which i find formulated well thought-out and clearly .	4.800
kobe bryant , wife to call off divorce yaayy ! lol .	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce	4.6
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a piano .	1.600
joining boston on monday were the massachusetts communities of watertown , saugus and framingham .	along with boston , watertown , saugus and framingham also are going smoke-free monday .	3.000
russ britt is the los angeles bureau chief for cbs.marketwatch.com .	emily church is london bureau chief of cbs.marketwatch.com .	1.800
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are quite honourably here .	4.167
a brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair .	a small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow .	1.8
the act of testing something .	the act of breaking something .	0.8
move , transfer or carry something or someone	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated .	2
there is so much wrong and you do n't seem to understand what 's wrong .	do you even understand what wry was conveying ?	2.20
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking .	capital offences in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .	3.2
give structure to	give a structure to .	4.750
miss new york wins miss america crown	miss new york is crowned miss america	5
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	we can indeed wish more and better , but i think quite honestly that it is a good start .	4.500
jk rowling launches her first adult novel	syria launches ground assault in aleppo	0
a moped in front of steps of ruins .	a moped in front of ruins .	4.4
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account .	4.500
salvador dali painting snatched from new york gallery	salvador dali painting snatched in nyc	4.6
two beige dogs play in the grass .	two tan dogs play in the grass	4.60
druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .	druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison .	4.500
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member .	4.4
yahoo agrees to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash	yahoo to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion	5.00
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.667
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would also have liked to see the report of the court of auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example , one or two recommendations by chapter .	4.600
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index was up 7.60 points , or 0.46 percent , at 1,653.62 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > shed 2.38 points , or 0.24 percent , at 995.10 .	0.800
online courses still need a human element ...	online courses need human element to educate	4.6
ap source : redskins to trade for no . 2 pick	redskins trade for no . 2 pick	4.2
'is there a worse way to live ? ' ( cc : ) # jidf	'is there a worse way to live than this ? '	4.2
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .	a woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .	4.60
having the requisite qualities or resources to meet a task	an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an activity that is judged to be difficult for it to participate in , either due to inherent properties of the entity or temporary circumstances . a degree modifier may indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements .	3.9738
the man is riding a motorcycle down the road .	a man is riding a red motorcycle on the road .	4
boston bomb suspect charged ; religious motive seen	boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	3.00
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i am , however , convinced that parliament would have done better by making its voice heard , in view of the nice european council , a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the intergovernmental conference , rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the council .	4.800
the work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .	most of the time , i have no idea what i eat exactly here in japan .	0
the lady cut up a potatoe .	a man is cutting a potato .	2.400
a guy on a white horse .	a man riding a white horse in an arena .	3.2
philip leaves hospital after 11 days	mandela leaves hospital after 10 days	1.80
a man pours liquid into a pan .	the chef poured oil in the pan .	2.600
`` it 's going to happen , '' said jim santangelo , president of the teamsters joint council 42 in el monte .	`` that really affects the companies , big time , '' said jim santangelo , president of the teamsters joint council 42 in el monte .	1.500
the act of combining , blending , integrating	( theology ) god 's act of bringing the universe into existence .	0.2
iran 's ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance	4.2
a woman is braiding her hair .	a man is riding a motorcycle .	0.000
terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	4.67
south sudan accuses sudan of bombings ahead of talks	s. sudan accuses sudan of bombing in blow to talks	4.4
a group of river barges with trees in the background .	a group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears .	0.2
honduran ambassador to colombia sacked after wild party	honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy	3.6
spanish police seize items intended for iran . qu ? mal rollo ...	spanish police say seized items intended for iran nuclear program	3.2
new japan govt hints at joining pacific trade pact : report	japan , us hold talks linked to regional trade pact	2.8
man held after teen shot in belfast	man , 40 , arrested after shooting	3.20
three dogs are running in a field .	two dogs are running in a grassy field	2.80
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues , is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found , between insurers , the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers .	4.400
the idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .	the idea of inheritance in oop refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .	3
a black and tan dog looks at a black sheep .	a black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen .	3
vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar fire	vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar ; no injuries	3.60
`` but i do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . ''	byrd , speaking from the senate floor , said he questioned `` the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . ''	3.000
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact .	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached .	3.500
trace the form or outline of	change the arrangement or position of .	0.4
the man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .	a man is lifting a little girl above his head .	0.00
google ceo says android important , not critical	larry page says android important , not critical	4
how do i repair this broken pipe ?	how do i level a pipe with the ground ?	1
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations	someone ( or something ) on which expectations are centered .	5.000
special prosecutor , nora dannehy now will inquire to know whether the officers lied to their interrogators , hence obstructing justice , during their investigation .	the accuser advisor , nora dannehy now will be whether the officers asked during the investigation , lied to investigators , obstruant and justice .	4
a young woman dressed in black .	two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs .	0.2
judge oks force-feeding california inmates	u.s. judge approves force-feeding californian inmates on hunger strik	4.60
a badger is burrowing a hole .	a badger is digging the earth .	4.600
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .	4.4
reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .	4.66666666666667
p ( b ) ( a.k.a . the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of b .	p ( b ) is the prior or marginal probability of b , and acts as a normalizing constant .	5
driven by a need to compete or remorse ? armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	3.4
a unit of atmospheric pressure	( meteorology ) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter .	3.8
`` we had nothing to do with @ stake 's internal personnel decision , '' microsoft spokesman sean sundwell said .	`` microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with atstake 's internal personnel decision , '' sundwall said .	4.200
a black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	a white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .	1.80
outside the court , sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .	outside the court , sriyanto denied to the age that he had done anything wrong .	3.200
astrazeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy bristol-myers squibb out of diabetes alliance	astrazeneca to buy bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion	5.00
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .	5
tens of thousands of ukrainians protest in kyiv	tens of thousands line up to cast votes in bhutan	0.6
the act of proposing someone as a candidate for something .	the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election .	3.750
a woman riding a brown horse .	a young girl riding a brown horse .	3.8
a passenger jet sits on a runway .	a large passenger jet flying close to the ground .	1.8
people flip into a swimming pool .	men are falling into a pool .	2.750
live to eat or eat to live ? i take the former .	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food	1.4
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba .	the agreements were signed during iranian majlis ( parliament ) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel 's visit to cuba .	3
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing	a name given to a product or service .	4.000
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers out of a car .	1.800
gingrich takes georgia , leaning on a southern-based strategy	super tuesday : newt gingrich says he 's a survivor	1.8270
a dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .	a four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .	0.00
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster .	4.000
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position .	4.6
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation .	4.000
a man is kicking pots of water .	a man is turning foods .	1.333
a man is riding a mechanical bull .	a man rode a mechanical bull .	4.000
dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on july 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot dennehy after dennehy tried to shoot him .	dotson was arrested july 21 after telling fbi agents he shot dennehy when dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .	4.250
an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose . its degree of utility may also be expressed . some of the lexical units in this frame ( e.g . great , good ) can only express permanent , generic states of the entity .	of good quality and condition ; solidly built ;	1.2
a woman is adding oil to a pan .	a man is pouring oil into a pan .	3.000
it is an open path .	there is a short circuit	0.80
a boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .	a brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .	0.00
the bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle .	bishop o'brien , aged 67 , had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat .	3.500
for the most part you can apply at any us consulate .	generally you 're supposed to apply at the us consulate at your place of residence .	3.60
today in history , dec. 2	today in history , april 23	1.80
the securities and exchange commission has also initiated an informal probe of coke .	that federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the securities and exchange commission .	2.200
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.667
i was in a similar situation .	personally when i was in a similar situation i sent the couple a card and a gift .	2
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster .	4.000
the battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage ,	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.00
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .	1.000
clinton to testify this month on benghazi attack	clinton returns to work , plans to testify on benghazi attack	3.8
bienging is unaccptable .	being drunk is unacceptable .	1
black bird standing on concrete .	blue bird standing on green grass .	1
germany likely to press russia on syrian crisis	what is russia thinking on syria ? a brief guide	1
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is appropriate that the european union means and that it should do so quickly .	4.750
social media can be a friend or foe but it does n't raise your iq - - police : youtube videos lead to pot bust	police : youtube leads to pot bust	3.4
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty .	antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty .	3.2
abbas to lead palestinian unity government	abbas proposed as pm in interim unity government	4
gaza militants fire 40 rockets into israel , 3 hurt : police	gazans fire four rockets into israel ; no injuries	2.75
utter fucking nonsense .	that does n't make any sense .	4.40
there must be a balance as a whole .	all must be balanced .	4.800
state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word .	4.4
chaudhry was released 56 days later and the fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by qarase , who won democratic elections in september 2001 .	the fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by mr qarase , who won democratic elections in september 2001 .	3.000
a black dog running through water .	a black dog is running through some water .	4.80
moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .	professor moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .	4.750
it depends on how it 's used .	it depends on how long it 's been out .	1
red double decker bus driving through the streets .	red double decker bus driving down a street .	4.6
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we must intervene now with money and actions , and not just with words .	5.000
dennehy , who transferred to baylor last year after getting kicked off the university of new mexico lobos for temper tantrums , had begun to read the bible daily .	dennehy , who transferred to baylor last year after getting kicked off the university of new mexico lobos for temper tantrums , became a born-again christian in june 2002 .	3.600
at 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .	at 12 months , there was still a difference between the groups , but it was not considered significant .	4.400
in afternoon trading in europe , france 's cac-40 advanced and britain 's ftse 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while germany 's dax index rose 0.6 percent .	in europe , france 's cac-40 rose 1.3 percent , britain 's ftse 100 declined 0.2 percent and germany 's dax index gained 0.6 percent .	2.000
there will be a gap	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	1.00
a puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .	a puppy is pushing itself backwards .	3.800
provide a feast or banquet	provide a feast or banquet for .	4.500
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	first , that of a simplification and clarification of the treaties .	4.800
the company did n't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs .	but company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars .	2.000
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron .	5.000
miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance of montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent dragan hajdukovic got four percent .	miodrag zivkovic , the leader of the pro-independence opposition liberal alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .	3.000
carnival corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 during midday trading wednesday , down 72 cents or 2.25 percent .	carnival corp. stock was down 2.5 percent , or 81 cents , at $ 31.20 on the new york stock exchange .	3.200
two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake .	two animals grazing next to a mountain , and a body of water .	3.2
a man is doing push-ups .	a woman is cutting some octopus .	0.000
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i stress this because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this sense , there can not be any competition without limits .	4.200
adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative/unform view of the lgbt community .	people need to keep campaigning , keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community .	2.33
how can i connect additional wires to a receptacle ?	how do i connect the wires to this usb receptacle ?	3
the battery is not in a closed bath alone	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	3.50
the woman is rolling dough .	a woman is flouring and rolling dough .	3.765
knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility .	it is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility .	5.000
kenyan police arrest key al-shabaab recruiter , financier	kenya : pair arrested by anti-terror police	3.2
the act of improving something 's quality	the act of starting something .	0
trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale	4
india , china ink border pact ; 8 other agreements	india , china ink agreement on trans-border rivers	3.80
cook in cream or using cream .	add cream to one 's coffee , for example .	1.2
( cause to ) become overloaded or overcharged	place too much a load on .	4
we need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-july or schools wont open in september , strayhorn said .	texas lawmakers must close a $ 185.9 million budget gap by the middle of july or the schools wont open in september , comptroller carole keeton strayhorn said thursday .	2.600
worst of all , i believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives .	in my opinion , there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence .	4.400
south korean president sorry for ferry response	s. korean president 'sorry ' for ferry disaster	4.60
boston bombing suspect to appear in court	boston bombing suspect buried	1.20
editors from around the world urge turkey to protect media	media freedom at stake as turkey fights rebels	2
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i am nonetheless convinced that our parliament would have done better in devoting its voice to the nice european council , a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the council .	4.250
president obama turning to ex-prosecutor mary jo white to be securities and exchange commission ( s.e.c . ) boss	mary jo white to be named new s.e.c . boss	2.4
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	4.60
yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa .	an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .	4
`` we put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process , probably later than we should have and now we 're just gaining incredible speed .	`` we 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .	3.750
express protest or dissent , raise an objection	express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent .	4.000
double decker bus with the london eye ferris wheel in background .	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .	4.2
a rat like creature is smelling around .	an animal is walking on the ground .	2.000
there is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	there is no gap between the terminals	3.00
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery .	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.80
a man is playing the guitar .	a person is slicing a meat into pieces .	0.000
an exciting or stimulating experience .	the act of constructing something .	0.4
four asian young people sitting in a den or living room .	a girl sitting in a living chair .	0.8
two women are wrestling .	two women are wrestling on the floor .	4.000
make or become longer	become long or longer .	4.600
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed .	5.000
syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in damascus	damascus 'suicide bombing ' kills 10	4
what the papers say , nov. 20 , 2013	what the papers say , oct. 10 , 2013	2.80
coca-cola joining the fight on obesity	coca-cola weighs in on obesity fight	3.6
iraqi president in hospital due to health problem	iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke	3.6
the company is highlighting the addition of .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment ( eae ) with the new mainframe .	the company is also adding .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment development toolset , sapp said .	4.000
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain .	a standard or typical example ;	1.2
two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .	four people sitting at a table .	1.8
qaida leader calls for kidnap of westerners in egypt	al-qaida leader urges kidnapping of westerners	3.6
be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something .	0.2
chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing	chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing	5.00
trading in loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on monday at $ 3.01 .	the new york stock exchange suspended trading yesterday in loral , which closed at $ 3.01 friday .	3.800
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the ministry of equal opportunities .	4.400
hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys .	hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters .	2.70
make pregnant ; fertilize and cause to grow .	fertilize and cause to grow .	3.750
the covert war in pakistan	new major earthquake rocks southwest pakistan	0
christensen : we are living capitalist 's dilemma	are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ?	3.25
mexican singer jenni rivera believed killed in plane crash	jenni rivera , mexican music star , dies in plane crash	3.4
obama nominates new transportation secretary	obama to meet embattled veterans secretary	0.20
tell me exactly which system is n't working right now ?	so which system is n't working for us ?	4
a large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .	a brown dog is running in a field .	3.00
senior cpc official meets top dprk leader 's special envoy	north korean leader sends 'special envoy ' to china	3
a surfer is riding on a breaking wave .	a group of surfers catching a wave	2.60
landon and so this is christmas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	play with fire we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	1.8
the research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .	the firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase .	4.800
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	as the court of human rights , the council of europe has also solid experience as regards such forms of control . we can take as a basis .	4.200
because bulb a and b are within the same path	each bulb is in its own path	1.80
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	report maij-weggen in particular a5-0323 -- 2000 )	4.750
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose .	4.250
this is america , my friends , and it should not happen here , '' he said to loud applause .	`` this is america , my friends , and it should not happen here . ''	3.250
city room : empire state building shooting	2 dead in shooting outside empire state building	3.2
instead , prosecutors dismissed charges and rucker left the courtroom a free man .	instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges .	3.400
the benchmark 10-year treasury note yield < us10yt=rr > dipped below 4.20 percent on tuesday .	prices for treasury securities also rose , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent .	3.250
the udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building .	the black and brown cow is standing on the green grass .	2
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
you got it right .	yes you got it .	5
barack obama admits us has 'more nuclear weapons than we need '	french gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands '	0.4
no radiation leak at iran 's nuclear plant	us congress may throw wrench into iran nuclear deal	0.8
on the situation in burma	on the situation in burma .	5.000
ban ki-moon to review syria chemical arms accord	ban to review syria chemical arms accord	3.6
richard grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $ 140 million pay package .	grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $ 140 million compensation package .	3.800
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .	4
us house republicans elect paul ryan as speaker	us house republicans eye reluctant ryan for speaker	3
, is this anti-free speech new french law about twitter must identify racist , anti-semitic posters , via	french court : twitter must identify racist users	3
there is a gap in the circuit .	there is a gap in a circuit	5.00
snowden thanks russia for asylum	snowden thanks russia for granting asylum	5
how can i work out how valuable i am to my boss and company ?	how to tell my company that i am having issues with my boss ?	1
the fed 's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .	prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .	3.800
a man is pressing microwave buttons .	a man turns on the microwave .	2.750
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?	but this picture can survive in a european ?	1.750
the two terminals are connected	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	3.20
a black dog running in the snow .	a black dog running on a beach .	1.80
destruction of syria 's chemical weapons begins	destruction of syria 's chemical weapons could prove difficult	2.8
u.s. withdrawal is 'tough love ' for afghans	u.s. 'tough love ' for afghan troops	3.6
god you guys are dumb .	boy you dummies are dumb..	2
what good to facilitate the advent of such a competitor ?	what good then to facilitate the advent of such a competitor ?	5
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only way for which no tax is not yet seen is that of supply in the european community from third countries .	3.800
not connected to positive battery	terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected	2.60
basically , the rule is that you must play the ball , and not the man , until someone catches the ball .	it is fairly simple to understand , somewhat harder to referee .	1.20
a young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .	a young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .	1.00
`` i can say i am being forced into exile by the world superpower , '' he said .	`` i am being forced into exile by the world 's superpower , '' taylor said in an address videotaped at his home .	3.000
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , we must say 'no ' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang , but at the same time , a large group of countries , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits .	4.200
vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in paris after falling 3.6 percent on monday .	in new york , vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $ 18.29 .	1.400
us drone strike kills 8 militants	us drone strike kills four in nwa : officials	2.2
the open switch makes the path open	there is an open path	2.80
come into conflict , meet in opposition	be incompatible ; be or come into conflict .	4.4
reduce the price of something	the rate of some repeating event .	0
bomb blast kills 10 in southwest pakistan	major quake kills 39 in pakistan	1
polls open in russian presidential election	polls close in senegal 's presidential election	1.4
china activist chen lands in us	chinese activist renews call to fight injustice	1.2
miss new york crowned miss america 2013	miss new york is crowned miss america	3
he refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals , or whether they would be increased .	he refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board .	3.800
fire destroys ancient tibetan town in china	fire destroys tibetan town in china	4.40
hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over israel	hezbollah says it sent drone over israel	3.4
earlier , they had defied a police order and cried `` allahu akbar '' ( god is greatest ) as bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .	earlier , bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried `` allahu akbar ( god is greatest ) '' as he walked to his seat .	4.000
a cat sleeps on purple sheet .	a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .	4
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves .	this trend goes well beyond simple headscarves .	4.500
its shares jumped to $ 54.50 in pre-open trading from $ 50.90 at wednesday 's close .	shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading , rising to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 at tuesday 's close .	2.500
stocks close 0.39 % higher	stocks close 2.47 % higher	1.8
a man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate .	a man is putting papers on a dish .	2.200
east timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	east timor bans martial arts schools amid killings	5
north korea beats war drums ...	n. korea makes new threats against u.s .	3
making real or concrete	something that is made real or concrete .	4.000
five birds stand on the snow .	several cardinals stand in the snow .	3.8
someone is scratching an animals belly .	a woman is stroking a lemur .	2.000
a man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar .	a man riding on the back of an orange suv .	0
i grill salmon that i get with the skin on .	salmon is a great choice and it 's readily available pretty much everywhere .	1.80
medicines	a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic .	3.000
massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast	hurricane sandy gains speed , batters us east coast	4
the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something .	0.2
he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitives that has been issued to u.s. troops .	he was the ace of diamonds in a u.s. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .	4.000
advanced micro devices said fujitsu siemens computers is offering a high-end workstation based on amd 's opteron 200 series .	fujitsu siemens computers on tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on advanced micro devices ' opteron processor .	3.250
a man is dancing on the road .	a man is dancing .	3.250
aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	mayday : fears for asylum seekers	1.4
it is mostly just the dutch .	in fact , it 's just the dutch .	3.6
give , dedicate , pledge	give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause .	3.250
quotes from leaders , family at mandela memorial	obama shakes hands with cuba 's castro at mandela memorial	2.00
should i tell prospective employer that i got a raise at my current job ?	how do i bring up that i got a better job offer to my new current employer ?	2
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson that must retain this house in her this morning 's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime , throughout the world , in a state of mess , and that we must set about the task of them to bring order .	4.600
many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .	a group of people are riding in the back of a truck .	3.40
a europe for all	a europe for all	4.714
something that provides advice .	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action .	3.500
the matter is delicate .	the iaea report is restricted .	0
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not want to incorporate in the treaty , which demonstrates that this text should be set aside .	4.000
palestinians : 2 gaza militants killed in israeli airstrike on coastal strip	officials : gaza man killed in israeli airstrike ( ap )	3
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx fell 3 points , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .	1.333
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .	four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .	4.00
me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere .	after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them .	2.33
yes , there is a rule against this .	there 's no rule against it .	1
there are a few things you can do :	there are a few things you need to consider :	4
if the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .	if a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .	3
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a development which has made the heavily dependent on capital borrowed .	4.000
`` gorgons do n't exist '' - fine .	`` satyrs do n't exist '' - fine .	2
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .	drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .	1
israeli military court rejects appeal of palestinian hunger striker	israel reaches deal with palestinian hunger strikers	1.2
pope francis condemns global indifference to suffering	pope francis commemorates dead migrants at lampedusa	1.4
a verbal or written request for access to something .	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school .	3.500
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines .	5.000
us warns syria on chemical weapons	u.s. concerns grow about syria 's chemical weapons	3.2
australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling	australian pm insists no argument with indonesia	0
forked form or shape	a part of a forked or branching shape .	3.750
great ny times article : “ : “ : a saint in his city : archie manning in # neworleans	a saint in his city : archie manning in new orleans	4.4
we mourned the loss of an open access advocate this past weekend ~ a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause	2.4
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch .	drive forcibly as if by a punch .	5.000
a dog is running around a yard .	a black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house .	3.200
a short circuit has occured	there is a short circuit	5.00
it is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .	it is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .	5
it is this kind of future i would also like to see in the other countries within the european union .	it is a policy of this type that i wish to other states of the european union .	4.000
close-up of a hummingbird .	a closeup of a hummingbird flying .	3.60
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not even want to incorporate it into the treaty , which shows that this text was to be put to one side .	4.800
poor creature mt amid 2d-guessing , marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from gowanus canal .	the hard decision not to rescue an ailing dolphin	3.6
these law enforcers will stop at nothing	movie review : ? gangster squad ? with sean penn , ryan gosling and emma stone	0
if you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all .	you do n't , it will not work .	1
tsunami warning issued for southern alaska	tsunami warning after canada quake	2.4
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
either of the two categories ( male or female ) into which most organisms are divided , or key properties that distinguish the categories .	either of the two categories ( male or female ) into which most organisms are divided .	3.500
deputy walid junblatt a set of titles that read it indicators to what the situation .	parliament deputy walid junblatt released a set of statements that can be read as indicators of what the situation will lead to	3.4675
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .	4.571
tvt records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .	the damages included $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for idj .	1.250
thank you very much , commissioner .	thank you very much , commissioner .	5.000
a woman is washing her hands .	a woman is straightening her hair .	0.800
if the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .	finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .	1
pro-palestinian activists march to un headquarters	pro-palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break gaza blockade	2
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .	the dow jones industrial average < .dji > rose 49 points , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .	2.250
'credibility on the line over syria '	obama : congress , world credibility on line	1.4
give an incentive or reason for action .	give an interpretation or rendition of .	0.2
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	it did not not more of the qualified majority in this parliament to return to the article 272 .	4.333
the battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.60
it was in the same path as switch x .	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch x .	2.83
again : nytimes : 787 jet leaks fuel during safety test	japan airlines says 787 jet leaked fuel during safety test	4
tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and right fielder aubrey huff were ejected for arguing after huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .	tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .	3.800
a man is slicing a potatoe .	a man is peeling a banana .	1.000
reshow a play or broadcast	rerun a performance of a play , for example .	4.8
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is eating a banana .	0.600
perhaps realize : `` he realized his full power . ''	he has unleashed his full potential .	1.8270
a close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .	a siamese cat resting on a white sofa .	3.4
house-senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	negotiators reach deal on congress payroll tax cut bill	3.8
a woman mixes up vegetables .	a woman is adding ingredients to a skillet .	1.600
# morsi : `` nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them : for zionists , for jews ''	morsi says slurs of jews were taken out of context	2.2
reimburse or compensate ( someone ) , as for a loss or sacrifice .	reimburse or compensate ( someone ) , as for a loss .	4.500
germany to move 674 tons of gold from downtown manhattan to frankfurt..	germany to repatriate some of its gold reserves	3.4
the new york mets then selected outfielder lastings milledge from lakewood ranch high school in florida .	the mets took lastings milledge , an outfielder from florida , with the 12th pick .	3.800
lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges	lance armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges	4.8
dozens die as clashes erupt at morsi rally in cairo	more than 70 dead in clashes at morsi rallies in egypt	3.6
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 17h30 .	5.000
a man practicing boxing	a man practices boxing	5.00
last week , his lawyers asked warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .	last week , his lawyers asked gov . mark r. warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .	2.500
because there is a gap .	there is a gap in a circuit	3.67
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal .	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
at feira , the council considered those countries participating in the stabilisation and association process as potential applicants for membership of the european union .	in feira , he recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process .	4.000
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and , in this case , the proposal was a proposal to you , totally unacceptable for europe .	4.250
amnesty international is a rights group based in london .	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london .	1.4
part , cease , or break association with ( something ) .	part ; cease or break association with .	4.6
this man can sing better than some big names who will be at the grammy awards geechee dan plays the 42nd street subway	n.y./region : geechie dan plays the 42nd street subway	2.4
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant .	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug ( especially marijuana )	2.4
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small .	5.000
in the end , read the mangas , that is what i prefer already for years .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a job at risk , i supprimerai .	0
redford touts alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership	redford addresses pc convention ahead of leadership review	2
for many , the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices .	in the case of mobile cheap , do they will play music for a few hours .	2
the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times .	she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email .	1.60
three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera .	two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man .	2
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of taking of a person by force .	0
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives , but that 's the way it is .	man , you socialists/progressives really are lost .	2.00
cubs outfielder sammy sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball friday for using a corked bat .	sammy sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball friday for using a corked bat , and he immediately appealed the decision .	3.200
the pill , which they call the `` polypill , '' would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .	the ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose , and folic acid .	5.000
through bulb a , bulb b is still contained in a closed path to the battery .	if c burns out then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery	2.00
a man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .	a surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean .	4.60
executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones .	executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires .	3.750
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .	4.800
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .	4.2
a man and small child in a living room posing for the camera .	a man and woman are posing for the camera .	2.4
morals do not exist , so technically nothing can be morally wrong .	i ask again if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?	2.2
a black dog swimming through a river .	a black dog digging through the snow .	1.20
childcare costs rise by nearly 6 %	childcare 'costing £15,000 a year '	3
2 indian traders stranded in china sent back home	46 indian nurses stranded in iraq return home	1.80
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	this is an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years .	4.600
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the task , which is essential , has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public .	4.400
have the same value , be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else .	2.2
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report van orden , a5-0241/2000 --	5.000
read that facebook has launched a new tool ( ) to search its huge database of social graph data .	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool	3.4
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	thought that in the long term , nothing can actually to this trend .	4.250
a young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony .	a girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse .	2
kadyrov was not injured , but four of his bodyguards were among those killed .	but itar-tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb .	3.000
mexico swears in president amid violent protests	former new mexico gov . richardson pressing north korean test ban	0
he wounded a security guard and then fled , stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade .	he then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the mediterranean sea .	3.200
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we preserve the unanimity to the advice and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.000
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	there is no gap between the terminals	1.40
the driver of the coach tried to avoid it by swerving hard , but still grazed the right side of the lorry .	the driver of the last to try to avoid it through a sudden move , but he fell short by his right side .	3
a softball player swinging at a pitch .	a baseball player hitting the ball	2.80
meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .	meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .	4.600
the key thing to realize here is that it 's not your job to make people do their work .	it really is n't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job .	1
palestinian leadership condemn israeli fm call to oust abbas	palestinian leadership backs fatah-hamas doha deal	1
between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported .	from 1993 to 2002 , there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy .	3.600
sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees .	sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees .	4.6
germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to italy .	germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .	3.400
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointment .	4.800
flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan	0.80
19 hurt in new orleans shooting	police : 19 hurt in nola mother 's day shooting	4.40
saudi to give lebanese army $ 3 billion	saudi arabia to grant lebanese army $ 3 billion	5.00
looks like you 've rediscovered jaspers 's concept of the axial age .	there was no influence from china to the culture of greece .	0.40
australia can eclipse england in windies	australian pm defiant under pressure over leadership	0.4
need a rubber stamp of chairman mao or lady godiva on her horse ? ink pad in the w. village has got 'em . # nabejoint	neighborhood joint | west village : 10,000 rubber stamps at ink pad in the west village	3.2
the wood probably is n't rotten , it 's just worn out .	it 's just worn out and not safe .	3
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	5.00
ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	putin speaks on ukraine , protesters rebuild barricades	3.40
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	0.80
rome 's colorful colosseum	rome 's colosseum gives up secrets	2.4
add embellishments ( to medieval manuscripts )	add embellishments and paintings to ( medieval manuscripts ) .	3.750
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the amount by which something decreases .	0
there are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour .	the difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5 % to 15 % .	2.60
a man is smoking .	a man is mixing .	0.200
the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month .	but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents , who sought his resignation , the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized , shaken nation .	2.40
eu ministers 'determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal	eu ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal	4.4
the act of moving , turning something	the act of climbing something .	0
a man is moving a tree limb .	the woman is playing the violin .	0.000
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the old version of the european response ( what psychologists call `` the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive .	4.750
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting .	1.8
fire in russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire	4.20
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of testing something .	0.75
the tech-laced nasdaq composite index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .	at 12:10 p.m. edt , canada 's benchmark s & p/tsx composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29 .	0.500
presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors .	this short talk deals with issues of `` cheating slightly '' : dan ariely : our buggy moral code .	0.00
peterson told police he fished alone in san francisco bay on christmas eve , returning to an empty house .	peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on dec. 24 to fish alone in san francisco bay .	3.000
the amount of organizations and clubs at # college is overwhelming ! choose carefully before dedicating your time :	the choice blog : lessons from a college student : finding your fit on campus	3
a boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .	a boy with a broken arm is sleeping .	4.00
this can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .	it is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .	0
manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure .	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure .	5.000
alright just got in .	not well alright just got in .	4
in the first half of 2008 , the night flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .	also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .	1
mr. heatley , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments , faces several charges .	heatley underwent surgery saturday for a broken jaw and an mri found two torn ligaments in his right knee .	2.250
a computer program that performs system support	( computer science ) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer .	4.2
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction , which the european parliament has been striving for a long time .	4.600
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	i guess it depends on what you 're going to do .	3
previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .	previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .	4.400
still , revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge .	how would the extra premiums be collected ?	1.333
the bird is taking a bath under the faucet .	a bird is bathing in a sink .	4.429
'trayvon could have been me '	trayvon martin could have been ...	2.80
egyptian court considers mubarak‚äôs release	egypt court orders mubarak release	4.00
a competition comes to an end , with a competitor tying , winning , or losing against an opponent ( or opponents ) according to their score . ( in the symmetrical situation of a tie , the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors . ) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved , they may receive a rank or a prize . the margin may also be mentioned .	finish third or better in a horse or dog race ;	1.2
an instance or action of being incorrect .	show consideration for ; take into account .	0
flow , as of liquids	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state , usually by heating .	2.500
and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now .	do the math , and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids .	0.80
journalists hail london olympics opening	israeli delegation marches in 2012 olympics opener	1
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .	you have to find out what works for you .	4
to act as the host of	be the host of or for .	4.500
`` we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , '' the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement .	china 's foreign ministry said : `` we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue . ''	5.000
so answer the question .	stop avoiding the question .	3.4
a man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife .	a man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife	4.400
in english , certainly the most common use of do is do-support .	in traditional grammar , the word doing is a participle in all your examples .	0.60
two years after the egyptian revolution ... u.s gets it wrong on egypt again -	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again	3.8
a person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .	a person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .	3.80
ccag supported bill curry , rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election .	mr. swan 's group supported the governor 's democratic opponent , bill curry , in the 2002 election .	3.000
two brown dogs runs through the water .	two brown dogs running through water .	4.60
cambodian opposition leader sam rainsy returns to stir up election	cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid	3
a rationale or reason for something	a relation that provides the foundation for something .	2.8
how do i pump up water pressure in my shower ?	how can i improve the water pressure in my shower ?	5
# nyc school bus drivers go on strike nyc school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime	new york school bus drivers go on strike	3
a man is eating .	a woman is rock climbing .	0.000
the flag was moving in the air .	a flag is waving .	3.750
however , i do not think so .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a risky job , i will remove it .	0
top asian news at 4:00 p.m. gmt	top asian news 8:39 a.m. gmt	3
amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained .	5
glasgow helicopter crash search ends	glasgow helicopter crash : at least six dead	2.8
mers respiratory illness found in u.s. , officials confirm	first case of mers , a sars-like respiratory illness , reported in north america	4.20
a white and brown dog playing with a black toy .	a white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .	3.40
provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation .	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation .	1.4
the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something .	1
the total immersion in the english language focusses on the almost constant use of english in teaching .	the dumping total in english focusing on the use almost constant of english in the investigation .	3
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman peels a potato .	5.000
two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .	two dogs are running through a green yard	4.20
all eyes on new pak army chief raheel sharif	flood alerts in france as river levels rise	0.00
on the situation in burma	on the situation in burma .	5.000
in nigeria , chevron has been accused by the all-ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the warri naval base .	in nigeria , the indigenous people all ijaw chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of warri .	4.400
it is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .	for me , it was clear that i had to be travel a day .	0
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	an evolution which made them strongly dependent on the borrowed capital .	4.600
halliburton 1q income rises 23 pct	halliburton q1 profits rise on strong north america sales	2.6
worth watching . `` set for life '' documenting a generation ? s fall . # work # unemployment # babyboomer	our generation : ? set for life ? documents crisis among baby boomers	4
donna summer , the queen of disco	donna summer , queen of disco , dies at 63	1.6
cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .	cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but said they remained `` cautiously optimistic '' about a rebound .	4.600
reproduce or make an exact copy of ; make , do , or perform again .	reproduce or make an exact copy of .	3.750
egypt 's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities	5
greek fm : small chance greece leaves eu	greek fm : small chance of euro exit	4.6
romney wins nevada caucus	romney shifts focus to santorum ahead caucuses	1
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the eu as a whole basically depend - and denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of european policy .	thirdly : the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the eu as a whole depend - the example of denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in european policy .	5.000
a man riding a white horse in an arena .	a domestic animal stands in a pen .	0.6
india minister 's wife died 'unnatural death ' after affair rumours	minister 's wife 's death 'unnatural '	3.80
a red bird is perched in a tree .	a small red and grey bird perched in a tree .	3.2
protests after george zimmerman acquitted in trayvon martin case	zimmerman acquitted in slaying	3
car bombing kills 17 in pakistan	suicide bomber kills 10 in pakistan	2.6
a man is reading an email .	a person opening a banana .	0.000
a man is folding paper .	a woman is slicing a pepper .	0.600
the marcel differs from others by his excellent cotton , by his unisex look , with his distinctive logo and by the belgian flag ( barely recognisable ) that the most well-known jerseys have on the neck .	the marcel 's differs from the other by his cotton excellent , by his thumb unisexe , with its distinctive logo and by the belgian flag ( barely recognisable ) that the shirts of bodies have the most well-known in the neck .	4
three young women standing in a room together .	three dark haired young women in white , red and black sweaters .	3.4
oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution	okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution	3
but church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many episcopalians .	but church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some episcopalians who believe the bible prohibits homosexuality .	3.800
u.n. observer patrol arrives at syria massacre site	un observers reach syria massacre village	4.4
three teenage girls danced in the room .	some teenage girls are dancing for the camera .	2.400
a girl is styling her hair .	a girl is filing her nails .	1.250
my parents have told me it is bad for you .	officers have told me its bad for you .	2
a man is dancing .	a man is talking .	0.600
a man is playing a ukulele .	a man is sitting and playing a small guitar .	2.200
nato soldier dies in afghanistan	two aust soldiers wounded in afghanistan	0.6
how do i secure an old aluminum/glass sliding door ?	how do i measure a standard sliding glass door ?	1
with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing is slated to visit south korea from august 13 to 15 .	with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing flies to japan on sunday en route to south korea on august 13 .	3.000
with a camera and a system of recognition of forms and faces , this `` see '' can know how many people in the place , which they are - including remember what they occupy positions - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations .	with a camera and a system of recognizing forms and faces , this `` receptionist '' can know how many people are in the place , who they are - what posts they occupy - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations .	3
new zealand set to legalise gay marriage	new zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	4.40
the detainee , a. a. j. of 28 years , has been in custody for achieving the various steps and will be judged in the next few hours .	the detainee , a. a. j. aged 28 years , has been in custody for committing the various crimes and will be judged in the next few hours .	5
injure , scratch the surface	cut the surface of ; wear away the surface of .	3.500
a man is shooting a pistol .	a woman is chopping garlic .	0.800
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level .	4.200
`` the mission of the capps ii system has been and always will be aviation security , '' said the administration , part of the homeland security department .	`` the mission of the capps ii system has been and always will be aviation security , '' they said .	3.600
it does n't have to be braindead .	i do n't have a proposed model .	0
north korea says to restart nuclear reactor	north korea offers talks : complex may re-open	3.60
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	the catch and other practices , because .	0.250
as unions usually do , they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are , over keeping cops on the job , and the lay offs happened .	unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand .	1.30
a baby is laughing .	a baby is laughing and giggling .	4.000
a white airplane is parked on the cement .	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .	0.8
black and white cows behind a fence .	two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .	3.2
f1 protests in bahrain	a day of rage in bahrain	2.25
how an all-american hero fell to earth - . ( where have all the real heroes gone ? )	how all-american hero fell to earth	4.2
i think a bunch of uci suits need to change their pants nytimes : armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is singing while playing the guitar .	3.600
the man is playing the wooden flute .	a little boy is vacuuming the floor .	0.000
the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged colorado , 3-2 , wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .	the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat colorado 3-2 on wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .	4.400
syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	sinai car bomb kills at least 10 egyptian soldiers	1.8
highlights from katie couric 's interview with manti te'o	the lede blog : updates on the katie couric interview with manti te'o	4.6
two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .	two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .	4.60
a toddler walks down a hallway .	a little girl is walking down a hallway .	3.600
a woman is cutting broccoli .	a woman is slicing broccoli .	5.000
we do n't know if any will be sars , '' said dr. james young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .	`` we 're being hyper-vigilant , '' said dr. james young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .	2.000
a man is sitting and smoking .	a man is smoking a cigarette .	4.000
but before the course begins , it was for me to appear .	for me , it was clear that i had to be travel a day .	0
a close-up of a brown horse 's head .	a close-up of a yellow school bus .	0
us delays missile test as tensions rise	william hague : us decision to halt missile test 'sensible '	3.40
a woman is slicing an onion .	a man is slicing a tomato .	1.200
the unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since july 1994 .	the unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .	3.200
pray they 'll stay together for the right reasons - kobe bryant , wife calling off divorce -	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce	4.2
the day before today	the day immediately before today .	5.000
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 .	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 .	4.6
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force , or most important causal factor in some situation , to the exclusion of other competing actors .	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance ;	2.4
the act of preserving or protecting something	draw up an outline or sketch for something .	0
bombings , clashes continue in syria	bombings , clashes as syria opposition seeks arms	3.4
the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something .	0.4
can the u.s. trust syria to hand over chemical weapons ?	us says syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons	1
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not even want to incorporate into the treaty , which shows that this text should be set aside .	3.800
`` because switch z is in bulb c '' '' s closed path ''	there is a path containing both z and c	4.20
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge .	4.333
tell or spread rumors ; say	tell or spread rumors .	4.250
winter storm ion : state-by-state ...	winter storm janus : state-by-state ...	3.00
a brown and white dog is running across a brown field .	a person hanging from a rocky cliff .	0.00
security official killed in yemen	security personnel killed in pakistan raid	0.6
a man is playing guitar .	a lady is playing the guitar .	2.200
romney wins maine republican caucuses	romney , in comeback , has narrow maine caucus win	3.8
9 killed in attacks after deadly iraq day	19 killed in iraq attacks ahead of ramadan end	1.4
iranian exiles report deaths in iraq camp	at least 47 iranian exiles killed at iraq 's camp ashraf	3
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something .	4.4
prince 's christening a blend of old and new	when is prince george 's christening ? baptism plan , royal baby 's godparents and all the details	2.20
they will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams .	they will continue to put pressure on the money they gain the distribution beyond the bounds of the 150 grams enables them to strengthen their position .	4.000
bulb a will create a gap in the path	if bulb a burns out , b and c are no longer in a closed path with the battery	2.20
a man is petting a tied up dog .	a man is showing his dog to the camera .	1.000
a cat is playing .	a woman is playing flute .	0.250
5 killed , 50 injured in pakistan blast	3 killed , 138 injured in boston blasts : media	0.8
it was still connected to the battery	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	3.66666666666667
eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	eu jobless hits fresh record	4.4
a man is placing meat inside a plastic bag .	a woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag .	0.400
an abundance of something	the property of copious abundance .	4.000
a girl is playing a violin .	a girl is playing a flute .	2.600
act without permission or with too much confidence .	take liberties or act with too much confidence .	3.6
but pay attention , the belgian brand does not make only tank tops .	but attention , because the belgian brand does not only that the tank tops .	3
a woman is slicing a garlic .	a woman is slicing a big pepper .	2.200
this , the representatives of the úohs must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .	on both sides , there were , of course , those who have expressed their doubts about the plan .	1
you answered your own question .	you have answered your own question .	5
cause friction ; wear away or erode	wear away or erode .	3.500
the foundations of south africa are built on nelson mandela 's memory	australian politicians lament over nelson mandela 's death	1.30
a woman is slicing some tofu .	a woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes .	4.000
boston bombing suspect buried in virginia	boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery	5
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was sought for murder .	3.600
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state .	have life , be alive ;	1.4
it does not take into account any information about b and therefore is considered “ prior ” .	it does n't take into account any information about b , so it is `` prior '' .	5
civilians bear brunt of afghan attacks	taliban launch coordinated afghan attacks	1.8
clean , wash thoroughly	clean with hard rubbing .	3.250
against the japanese currency , the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late new york level of 136.03/14 .	the dollar was at 117.85 yen against the japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .	2.750
it estimated on thursday it has a 51 percent market share in europe .	boston scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in europe .	2.800
cricket-england v australia fourth test scoreboard	cricket-england 155-4 v australia , fourth test - tea	4.00
a woman is cutting potato .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.750
communicate with a hiss	express or utter with a hiss .	4.500
one of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .	one of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .	4.800
there are 2 paths in this diagram	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	3.20
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact .	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached .	3.8
the ballerina is dancing .	a man is dancing .	1.750
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan .	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan .	4.4
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities .	unique or specific to a person or thing or category ;	2.6
( theology ) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil .	( theology ) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil .	5.000
the `` more posh '' words are usually latin ( occasionally greek ) in origin .	as shinto pointed out , vulgar words exist in every language .	1.00
italian fugitive arrested in dominican republic	australian icebreaker arrives in east antarctica for new rescue bid	0.00
the cougar is chasing the bear .	a cougar is chasing a bear .	5.000
since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers , i do n't know that there is a common consensus .	i 'll address just the first of your three sub-questions , the others have been answered by chuck sherrington .	0.00
komen wo n't cut planned parenthood funding	susan g komen in u-turn over planned parenthood funding cut	3
the act or means of getting rid of something .	the state of being unsure of something .	0
one question was whether france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. authorization for the war , would vote `` yes '' or abstain .	france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. approval for the war , also sought changes .	3.000
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.80
a man is opening a door .	a man is cutting an onion .	0.800
( cause to ) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm	lengthen in time ; cause to be or last longer .	3.000
russian tv reports foiled attempt on putin	russia , ukraine foiled plot to kill putin , report says	3.2
a television , upholstered chair , and coffee stable in a bright room .	a leather couch and wooden table in a living room .	2.2
a person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick .	a person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors .	2.25
who will succeed mr. o'neill at hyundai is not clear .	there is no clear successor for mr. o'neill at hyundai .	5.000
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .	a dog bounces on a trampoline .	4.800
us flying surveillance missions to help find kidnapped nigerian girls	us surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped nigerian girls	4.20
awful way to go out ... '' : at least 220 killed in brazil nightclub fire ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.4
i did this one time as well .	i have this habit as well .	2
it is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .	the theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .	4
a cat is playing keyboards .	a cat is playing a piano .	3.000
red sox beat tigers 5-2 to advance to world series	red sox beat tigers to reach world series	4
he did , but the initiative did not get very far .	he has done , that the initiative not go very far .	4.750
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison .	gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province .	3.2
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	every time , technological progress to fly these threats .	4.500
wow : announcing plan to hire every veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions . they anticipate 100k+ hires :	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans	2.8
throw with force or recklessness ; cast away	throw with force or recklessness .	4.250
forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called `` complex '' or `` imaginary '' numbers .	as others have already mentioned , numbers are of course abstractions .	1.20
the man spread butter on the loaf of bread .	a man is spreading butter onto bread .	4.000
swiss vote on highest minimum wage	swiss cast ballots on world 's highest minimum wage	4.60
twelve killed as gunmen raid village	five killed in blasts in india	0.2
i. atlantic requirements .	pacific requirements .	0.8
two brown horses standing in grassy field .	two men sailing in a small sailboat .	0
it 's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing .	hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing .	2.5
amnesty international has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .	amnesty international said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq .	4.000
two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .	two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .	3.80
a person eating a meal , often in a restaurant	a person eating a meal ( especially in a restaurant ) .	4.750
no , nothing in the patient protection and affordable care act grants the president transitional authority .	there is always `` transitional authority '' by virtue of the writing of regulations .	2.00
uk police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash	china police seek eight suspects over crash	1
someone is folding a piece of paper .	a person is slicing a small pieces of ginger .	0.250
a man is dancing .	a man is singing .	1.250
the jury awarded tvt about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damages .	tvt records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .	1.750
spacex docks with international space station : up next , public travel ?	spacex dragon docks with international space station	3.8
protesters clash with police in caracas	protesters clash with police in brazil	3.80
pakistani taliban chief hakimullah mehsud killed in drone strike	pakistan taliban vows revenge , to repay hakimullah 's killing in bloodshed	2.6
added mr. prodi : `` maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness . ''	`` maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world .	3.200
us drone strike 'kills 4 militants in pakistan '	us drone strike kills 10 in pakistan	3.80
another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the federal trade commission 's list .	meantime , the direct marketing association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .	2.000
`` i have changed , i do not want to take risk '' .	`` however , once i have the impression that this is a risky job , i will remove it .	1
several shots rang out in the darkness , but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m .	several shots rang out wednesday night , but no gators were killed then .	2.400
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze .	the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze .	3.8
albertsons and kroger 's ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .	kroger 's ralphs chain and albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .	4.000
conservative writer nicholas kristof : guns are `` an instrument not of protection but of escalation . ''	op-ed columnist : lessons from guns and a goose	1.8
news of terrorism and the israeli-palestinian conflict ( january 22 ‚äď 28 , 2014 )	news of terrorism and the israeli-palestinian conflict ( july 31 ‚äď august 6 , 2013 )	3.00
volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal	volkswagen 's `` gesture of goodwill '' to diesel owners	2
a local announcement made within a public broadcast	( broadcasting ) a local announcement inserted into a network program .	4.000
suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine .	2.6
the s & p/tsx composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the tsx venture exchange composite gained 44.49 points .	on the week , the dow jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the nasdaq stock market gained 39.42 points .	1.000
write differently or alter a piece or writing , perhaps to suit a different purpose .	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose .	4.4
man kills 4 in calif. before police shoot him dead	police : gunman killed 6 in california shootings	2
mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	mubarak 's sons face new charges of insider trading	1.4
`` this child was literally neglected to death , '' armstrong county district attorney scott andreassi said .	armstrong county district attorney scott andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include kristen .	1.800
a divided supreme court ruled monday that congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .	the supreme court said monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .	3.600
you fools..bought the cover-up..hook..	hi eots : you fools..bought the cover-up..hook..	4.2
the nature was so amazing ...	ah , so many amazing memories ...	0.00
the circuit is not closed around the battery .	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	2.80
brazil 's 'pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage	brazil 's 'pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage	5
a man is cutting up a cucumber .	a man is slicing a cucumber .	4.200
those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance .	i suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams .	0.40
an intense surprise , often unpleasant	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise .	4.750
`` they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , '' he said on sunday .	`` what they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away .	4.000
the principal activity that one does to earn money .	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money .	4.2
a natural physical force of drawing towards something	the force used in pulling .	2.750
russia says ballistic missiles fired in mediterranean	israel says it carried out joint missile test with us in mediterranean	1.00
`` it '' s absurd , '' funny cide 's trainer barclay tagg said .	meanwhile , funny cide 's trainer , barclay tagg , called the allegations `` ridiculous . ''	3.600
israel does n't give a **** , accept it .	that israel does n't giva a **** what anybody else thinks .	3.4
protests sweep brazil despite concession	protests planned across brazil despite concessions	4
training tips from star athletes # motivation # fitness	personal best : training insights from star athletes	5
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
iran dissidents 'killed in iraq '	france loses influence in europe	0.00
a person takes leave from his or her routine activity ( such as work or school ) for a duration of time . the duration can be any length of time , as long as the absence is temporary .	failure to be present	2.2
there is no good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer .	there is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game .	2.60
nato : 5 americans killed in southern afghanistan	roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern afghanistan	1.60
israel and hamas to observe brief gaza truce	israel and hamas 'accept temporary truce '	4.60
remove by erasing or crossing out , as if by drawing a line through .	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line .	4.500
a silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car .	a motorcycle parked next to a car .	3.6
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .	4.2
the standard & poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .	the standard and poor 's 500-stock index , a broad collection of equities representing leading companies , finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998 .	3.200
( cause to ) adopt a different system , value , or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith .	3.8
doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .	4.200
a terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	1.00
nadal tumbles into french open final	nadal through to seventh french open final	4
a black dog looking at the camera .	the black and white bull is looking at the camera .	2
but they were necessary .	but they were necessary .	5.000
the u.s. capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the senate wing , capitol police said .	u.s. capitol police evacuated the capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the senate wing , but authorities later said it was a false alarm .	3.200
hagel , dempsey face congress over defense budget	hagel laments `` political '' changes to us defence budget	4
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	the report maij-weggen , a5-0323/2000 --	5.000
a woman is firing a rifle .	a woman is cutting a lemon .	0.200
neymar powers brazil into last 16	neymar powers brazil into world cup last 16	4.40
the boy is riding a tricycle .	a woman is riding a water scooter .	1.250
but given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the czech regulators is disconcerting .	on the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the czech market is extremely competetive .	2
hospital : 61 killed in venezuela prison riot	dozens reported killed in venezuela prison riot	2.6
sure , i 've done this very trip .	i 've done this many dozens of times .	3
owned territory of a sovereign government	the territory occupied by a nation .	3.6
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers .	the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers .	3.8
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal .	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	5.00
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth .	4.8
egypt votes on final day of presidential election	polls open in france for presidential election	1
israel sanctions palestinians in new blow to peace talks	israel to release palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks	2.40
a young girl doing a back flip in the water .	a young girl wearing purple running through water	2.80
make keen ; give ( new ) life or energy to	give new life or energy to .	3.8
two kids are walking on a path in the woods .	two children walking down a path in the woods .	5.00
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something .	0
the differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .	terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .	2
the man is playing the guitar .	the girl is playing the guitar .	1.600
a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .	a woman wearing jeans , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .	4.6
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	so if that 's what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .	1
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups .	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government .	4
carlson on tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .	service officials said carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .	4.000
i do n't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation .	the short answer is that evolution could n't create gills in humans .	0.80
the questions oprah should 've asked lance amstrong	hard questions for lance armstrong	2.8
africa : the top 5 stories of the week are ... -	africa 's top 5 stories this week	5
must i enter europe with schengen visa from the country where i applied ?	if i have schengen visa , can i enter schengen area from different country ?	4
the two dogs are playing in the yard .	two dogs are playing on the grass .	4.60
a man is playing the guitar .	a man plays an acoustic guitar .	3.750
palestinian hunger striker , israel reach deal	palestinian activist detained in israeli raid	1.20
take into one 's family or group	take into one 's family .	4.000
icymi : '' as disabled athletes compete , questions of logistics ''	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness	3.75
after freitas ' opening statement , king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend .	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday .	3.000
the question is ( from hinduism ) ; do you exist because of pregnancy ?	the least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge ' to learn .	1.80
give pleasure , satifaction , or happiness ; be pleasing to	give pleasure to or be pleasing to .	4.000
if it is in the same path as the bulb	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	3.40
try to gain favor by flattering or showing submission or fear .	show submission or fear .	3.500
they find very few papers ( 7 in total ) predict global cooling .	what surprises is that even in the 1970s , on the back of 3 decades of cooling , more papers ( 42 in total ) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling .	1.67
a boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	a skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .	2.60
women are holding each other and dancing together .	two men are playing table tennis .	0.000
according to market research from the npd group , the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in april to 10.4 million in june .	the number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in april to 12.7 million in may and 10.4 million in june , according to npd .	3.500
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	4.90
a woman is frying something .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.600
cows grazing in a snow covered field .	five cows grazing in a snow covered field .	3.8
if there is a gap between the terminals , the voltage will be different .	measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .	4.00
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	that is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the european people 's party .	4.857
it hurts my stomach .	9 calorie bombs at restaurants	0
vice president dick cheney and mississippi republican gubernatorial candidate haley barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd .	vice president dick cheney says mississippi republican haley barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy .	2.400
i have noticed most cats do n't lick people a great deal .	cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things .	3.00
a document is represented as a vector .	the vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .	2
the act of taking an offer	the act of making a proposal .	0.8
a woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot .	a young man is playing the guitar .	0.000
a living room with table , chair and sofa alongside a large palm .	a living room with a blue sofa , camp bed , wooden bench and dresser .	2.4
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm , energy , and positivity .	animation and energy in action or expression ;	2.66666666666667
scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's portage bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .	a kayaker found dr. scribner 's body floating near the doctor 's houseboat in portage bay , where he was eating lunch when his wife , ethel , left for an appointment .	3.200
( cause to ) happen at a later time	where you live at a particular time .	0.2
tata nano and other indian small cars fail crash tests	how does world 's cheapest car do in crash test ?	1
the act of allowing , bestowing something	the act of providing a subsidy .	1.2
how do i cap a t junction on a roof ridge ?	how do i finish a ridge cap ?	2
demolition work begins on don valley stadium	demolition work to begin at stadium	3.2
we just addressed this recently , and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets .	guillemets , as suggested by lauren ipsum , is a good option .	3.60
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.26666666666667
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers .	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking .	2
broken limbs , torn lives in northern # mali # africa # conflict # humanrights	broken limbs , torn lives in mali	4.8
a man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick .	a runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda .	0
the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication .	1.6
a group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .	0.00
separate ( as if ) by passing through a sieve	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements .	4.2
a total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of basra , the organization said .	a total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the world health organisation in the southern iraqi city of basra .	3.600
naeem m. was hanged in zabol , sistan-baluchestan province .	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province .	0.2
a man is playing the drums .	a man is playing guitar .	1.800
a black and white dog is running through the grass .	the black and white dog is running on the grass .	4.80
state of being under control	the state of being controlled or governed .	3
a young woman is riding a bay hose in a dirt riding-ring .	a man is staring at a horse with a white mane .	0.8
world stocks rise on hopes for eu , us stimulus	stocks rise on hopes for a fed stimulus	3
slams guest over ar-15s	piers , guest clash over ar-15s	3
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	the main problem is divided into sub problems which are solved and stored for future use .	0
i really dont know what to do ...	i do n't really know what is up but i 'm super mad about it .	2.20
manchester united slashes price for us ipo	manchester united reveal share price details	2.4
a young pitcher is throwing the baseball .	a brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .	0.00
in these days of googling , it 's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation .	i agree with kate sherwood , you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking .	3.20
a possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward ( s ) for chores .	many children , instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control .	1.80
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is chopping onions .	4.800
the bulb does not effect the others	there is an incomplete circuit	1.00
the man is exercising .	a man is doing pull-ups .	3.200
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are uncultivated , poor and sick .	4.600
a person is rinsing a steak off with water .	a man is rinsing a large steak .	3.929
a man rides a large black motorbike .	a child sits in a large black leather chair .	0
bring in to consonance	bring ( several things ) into consonance or relate harmoniously .	3.750
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but america 's interest to iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .	4.750
a public enclosure for animals , as dogs	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs .	4
the woman picked up the kangaroo .	a woman is carrying a kangaroo .	3.500
two people are sailing a small boat .	two women in a sailboat .	3.8
the activity of providing supplies	the activity of supplying or providing something .	4.750
an agent actively ( yet not always with success ) attempts to keep an event from taking place . this event is ( usually ) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent .	abstain from doing ; always used with a negative ;	2.4
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	4.80
police 'did not link ' savile claims	bbc faces questions for pulling savile case	1.2
london 2012 olympics opening ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land '	london 2012 olympics : opening ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land ' , says danny boyle	4.2
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is right that the committee on legal affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % .	4.400
twelve killed in bomb blast on pakistani train	gunmen kill nine in southwest pakistan : police	2.00
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman is hitting a man .	0.750
a women standing next to a brown cow .	a women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field .	3.8
is your health care rationed ?	is there any property involved ?	0.60
i do n't know if this goes for people generally , but that was how g went .	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives , but that 's the way it is .	1.50
mr eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was `` in the hands of the negotiators '' .	`` the future of ba is in the hands of the negotiators , '' eddington told british broadcasting corp. television on sunday .	3.400
they made a similar discovery in houston on another aircraft , dallas-based southwest said in a statement .	the airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in houston .	3.400
several swimmers jump into the water .	swimmers are racing in a lake .	1.750
he had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children .	he had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex .	3.600
in n.a.a.c.p. , industry gets ally against soda ban hmmmmmmmm . . . .	in court , n.a.a.c.p . adds voice against bloomberg ? s soda ban	3.4
world powers , iran under rouhani revive nuclear talks	world powers seek rare progress in iran nuclear talks	3.80
eurozone backs greek bailout	eurozone agrees greece bail-out	4.8
protesters gather in brazil despite concessions	protests continue in ukraine despite concessions	1.20
obama made last-minute decision on syria approval	obama mulls limited military action in syria	2.00
protect or strengthen with sandbags .	protect or strengthen with sandbags ; stop up .	4.250
a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .	a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .	4
cooley said he expects muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for malvo .	lee boyd malvo will be called as a witness wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect john allen muhammad .	2.500
form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues ( for ) in an underhand manner .	4.4
two blasts hit syria capital	two blasts rock syrian capital	4.8
at least two killed in southern egypt clash	at least 18 killed in north caucasus train station blast	0.40
what is a good solo to learn in the dorian mode ?	what is a good guitar solo to learn in the minor scale ?	3
warship sets sail for falklands	british warship sets sail for falklands	3.8
a woman is deboning a fish .	a man catches a fish .	1.250
denver shooting : police to detonate devices in suspect 's home	police to detonate devices in colorado shooting suspect 's home	4.6
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	lastly , and it is there a subject more discussed , the commission invited with strength to make use of the procedure accelerated to put in uvre this legislation .	4.400
boy lying on couch with small white dog .	a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	4
birth control linked with higher glaucoma risk	contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk '	3.4
the girl is tiding up her bed .	a woman is making a bed .	2.500
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	from 1996 , the european parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened .	4.600
chinese shares close higher tuesday	chinese shares close lower on wednesday	2.20
at least 11 killed in india building collapse	at least 66 killed in bomb blasts in iraq	0.60
a person ( the cognizer ) comes to believe something ( the content ) , sometimes after a process of reasoning . this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence . occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic , i.e . that which the mental content is about .	establish after a calculation , investigation , experiment , survey , or study ;	2
put up with something or someone ( unpleasant )	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.750
only intel corp. 's 0.3 percent yield was lower .	only intel corp. has a lower dividend yield .	2.800
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay .	just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing ?	0.00
the algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .	the limitations of the vector space model are thus .	2
nigeria votes in tight presidential election	guineans go to the polls in presidential elections	2
a green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport .	white and green commercial airliner taking off of runway .	3.6
i have a few nikon lenses , and a sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots .	if your interest is primarily the optics , you need to look at individual lenses , not brands as a whole .	1.80
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness .	5.000
four boys are standing in front of the burning car .	four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them .	3.750
july 18 : hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against bryant .	bryant , 24 , has been charged with felony sexual assault .	3.056
the theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .	it is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .	4
rooney helps man united beat everton 3-0 in premier league	west ham beats newcastle 2-0 in premier league	1
two dogs play in the grass .	two dogs playing in the snow .	2.80
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the power of the national democracies is increasingly to restrict the right of veto and of giving parliament more power for the eu .	3.800
i 'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the n ireland riots .	police deploy water cannon at northern ireland riot	1.4
the u.s. conference board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .	the conference board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .	3.800
what does the term `` out of the furnace '' refer to ?	what does the `` to '' mean in the general welfare clause ?	0
this question has already been widely discussed and answered on skeptics .	minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled , least productive the most .	0.00
persuade or achieve acceptance	persuade somebody to accept something .	4.333
( contract bridge ) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make .	( contract bridge ) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make .	5.000
the best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime .	a trick i did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night .	2.40
tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from sun microsystems , which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season .	a sour forecast from sun microsystems inc. sunw.o put more pressure on wall street before the quarterly earnings season .	3.000
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface .	0.6
a kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves .	a small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter .	3.8
top asian news at 2:30 p.m. gmt	top asian news 1:25 p.m. gmt	1
a man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .	a young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .	0.40
`` still own a livestrong bracelet ? tell us about it . '' ( cnn )	cycling : armstrong apologizes to staff	1.2
four dogs stand in the snow .	four dogs playing in the snow .	3.60
that 's why i can no longer support them .	i can no longer support them .	4.80
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we have started to have discussions on this issue , which show that all the member states want to keep the ceiling after enlargement .	5.000
the person is removing the scales from the fish .	a person is descaling a fish .	5.000
i 'd be more inclined to believe that it 's some sort of ring world .	it is not hollow , it is round just as our world .	1.80
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive .	5.000
nytimes : ? mad men ? set to return on april 7. excellent news .	artsbeat : 'mad men ' set to return on april 7	4.6
35 militants killed in afghan raids : official	12 militants killed in afghan raids : ministry	2.8
anil , there certainly is a difference in results , mainly in image quality .	if you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with .	1.00
wells ’ other series include nbc ’ s er and third watch .	wells ' other series include nbc 's `` er '' and `` third watch . ''	5.000
and i 'm your friend mitt .	your good friend mitt .	4
there were indeed some serious issues surrounding kennedy 's election in 1960 , one of the closest elections in history .	as per your original question : the wikipedia section does not claim that joseph p kennedy bought john f kennedy 's victory .	1.60
the turtle followed the fish .	a sea turtle is hunting for fish .	3.000
the dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since april 30 .	the dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trade , extending tuesday 's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since april 30 .	2.600
greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	greece secures biggest debt deal in history	2.8
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster .	4.250
seal , insulate or protect	treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it , as with blankets or sheets , and applying compresses to it , or stuffing it to provide cover , containment , or therapy , or to absorb blood .	2.250
decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely .	4
hope this is what you are looking for .	if what you are looking for is much higher , they get the picture .	1
mr president , i would like to focus in my speech on mrs lalumière ' s report , which i think is clearly worded and well put together .	mr president , in my speech i shall focus on the report by mrs lalumiãšre report , which i think is well thought-out and clearly formulated .	4.400
the act of throwing a baseball	( baseball ) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter .	3.6
ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders .	ride on someone 's shoulders or back .	4
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something .	0
edwards acquitted on 1 count , mistrial on others	edwards found not guilty on one count ; mistrial on others	4.6
`` it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games , '' thomas said .	`` we 're in the stanley cup finals , and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games .	3.200
time of the season by the zombies we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	the theme song to cheers : we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	2.8
the beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .	a beagle walks along the calm shore .	4.40
what is n't how what was sold ?	it 's not how it was sold , gb .	1.6
a person is combing a cat hair .	a person is brushing a cat .	4.400
cause someone 's attention , goals , thought to turn in another direction	occupy in an agreeable , entertaining or pleasant fashion .	0
which part of the gre is more important to admissions committees ?	why do admissions committees consider the statement of purpose to be important ?	1
israeli air strikes kill 16 in gaza	israel air strikes kill 4 in gaza ; death toll now at 38	2.2
the man played haki sak in the office .	the man is seasoning the vegetables .	0.400
i think that for an understanding wittgenstein 's `` solution '' , you must take in account the original ( historical ) context .	wittgenstein is alluding to how russell himself solved the paradox - the theory of ramified types .	1.80
an okapi is eating from a tree .	a moose drinks from a sprinkler .	0.333
founded in 1996 , the lendingtree exchange consists of more than 200 banks , lenders , and brokers .	lendingtree matches borrowers via the internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers , banks and other lenders .	3.500
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something .	0.2
pope benedict xvi says goodbye to cardinals	pope benedict xvi departs vatican for last time	3.6
a man is walking slowly across a rope bridge .	a boy is walking across a bridge .	3.000
the couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .	the boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .	0.00
china stocks open lower on wednesday	china 's stocks close lower on monday	2.60
a dog peaks out the back of a truck .	a dog is peeking out of the back of a van .	3.6
a journey for some purpose .	a journey for some purpose ( usually including the return ) .	4.250
six australians killed in laos plane crash	dozens killed in laos plane crash	3
both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	4.20
while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .	the bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive .	3.250
nixon , ford and carter shut down the oilfields ?	no has has shut down the oil fields .	2
( cause to ) increase in extent or intensity .	increase in extent or intensity .	4
homicide # 2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in us- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns	america flunks its health exam	0
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .	zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .	3.2
net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year .	that is up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year .	1.750
no need to tell them at all .	no one really wants to talk about anythiing else .	1.20
a machine is sharpening a pencil .	the machine shaved the end of the pencil .	3.800
someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot .	a man puts vegetables into a pot .	2.800
two people sit on a dock near the water .	two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .	3.80
i do n't think that there 's any .	i do n't think there are any benefits .	3
five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .	five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps	5.00
act of applying force	the act of applying force suddenly .	4.500
a woman is slicing tomato .	a man is slicing onion .	1.600
abdullah widens lead in afghan presidential poll	explosions heard near afghan presidential palace	1.00
a change which is a decrease	a gradual decrease ; as of stored charge or current .	3.000
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth .	3.6
a judgement or opinion about something	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody .	4.000
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .	ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .	3.6
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .	a dog running with a stick in it 's mouth .	2.60
taliban pose as 'attractive women , on facebook for spying	taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on facebook to get troops ' secrets	4.6
the seagull is floating on the water .	a little bird floating in the water .	3.6
olympics opening ceremony a hit around globe	opening ceremony gives olympics a rocking start	4.2
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc . it may be constructed for an honoree .	a record or narrative description of past events ;	0.8
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i want to remind you that of our allies , it is of major of tax .	4.750
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report van orden ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
us inadvertently trained rebels : french strikes in mali supplant caution of u.s .	french jets strike deep inside islamist-held mali	2.2
syria denies reports of deadly damascus nerve gas attack	us allies get help to repel iranian computer attacks	0
move oneself very fast .	move very fast .	3.500
i 've said what i 've said , and if you have comprehension problems i can not help you..	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said .	0.67
bush wanted `` to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , '' white house press secretary ari fleischer said yesterday .	on tuesday , before byrd 's speech , fleischer said bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .	4.000
he just doesnt get it .	he still has n't to this day .	2.40
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of community legislation , as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	4.800
i 've still got a fighting chance , though , '' hewitt said after battling to overcome davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .	`` i 'm still not red-hot favourite , '' hewitt said after battling to down davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .	3.750
`` it 's a major victory for maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .	the maine program could be a model for other states .	2.800
china yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against usd	chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against usd	3
we all believe that we are getting what we expect .	most times , % of the time , we are getting what we expect .	3.8
u.s. government-supported rescue mission of french hostage in somalia failed .	u.s. supported france 's failed hostage rescue in somalia	4.4
iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline	iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline : isna	5
& gt ; cuba 's castro assumes celac presidency	cuba 's castro to take over celac presidency	5
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns which make the american securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .	4.750
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines .	5.000
the woman is dicing onions .	a woman is dancing in railway station .	0.400
the bush administration put them back in .	they did n't get it , but they asked for it .	0.00
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written .	that is the spirit in which must be drawn up the constitution .	3.750
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation .	4.500
government promises action on heathrow queues	finance minister promises no new taxes	0.4
terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4.60
a man is riding a motorcycle on the highway .	a man is riding a motorcycle .	3.500
a plane is landing .	a animated airplane is landing .	2.800
strong quake jolts most parts of pakistan	strong quake hits eastern indonesia	2
top judge mansour sworn in as egypt interim president	justice adly mansour sworn in as egypt interim president	4.4
the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama .	they found the bomb before they found the woman .	0.00
ok , that 's a good point .	which i think is a good idea .	2.33
sadly ford did accept taxpayer money .	ford did n't accept taxpayer money to save the company .	2.8
the hearing occurred a day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , dallager , for not addressing the scandal .	the hearing came one day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - dallager - for failing to address the scandal .	5.000
25 bodies found at raided algerian gas plant	25 more bodies found at algerian gas plant	4.4
a black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up .	a dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .	0.4
the driver control the validity of the voucher registered .	that 's how the driver tests the validity of the registered voucher .	4
syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	syria army takes northern rebel stronghold	4
a straight length of road or racetrack	a straightaway section of a racetrack .	4.2
`` i really liked him and i still do , '' cohen alon told the herald yesterday .	and i really liked him , and i still do .	3.200
both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .	both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .	4.000
there must be a balance as a whole .	all must be in balance .	4.500
the armed forces	a force that is a branch of the armed forces .	2.750
ap poll : majority in us have prejudice against blacks	ap poll : majority harbor prejudice against blacks	3.6
a black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .	a black and white dog playing in the sand .	1.80
syrian civil war in photos	syrian civil war peace talks at risk from iran invitation	1.20
overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems are used to solve many different larger problems .	a problem with overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems may be used to solve many different larger problems .	4
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	the things worsen when it is question of women of distant countries who accepted this work by need and who do not have any other possibility to continue to provide for their vital needs .	4.000
the problem is n't who has money .	the problem is who does n't have money .	2.46666666666667
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action .	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority ;	2.6
a buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner .	a bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost .	0.4
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .	the dow jones industrial average .dji fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on friday .	2.200
a double decker red united bus on a city street .	a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .	4
because neither components are in closed paths .	circuit 4 has no closed paths	2.60
how do i remove paint from a wood floor ?	how to remove milk smell from hardwood floor ?	2
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	vis-a-vis these realities , the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential .	4.600
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	by withdrawing our resolution , i express however the conviction that our parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting , for conseil of nice , a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the council .	4.400
through thursday , oracle said 34.75 million peoplesoft shares had been tendered .	some 34.7 million shares have been tendered , oracle said in a statement .	3.750
d.c. votes to decriminalize marijuana	dc votes to decriminalize pot	5.00
a man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant .	four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .	2.2
people are playing baseball .	the cricket player hit the ball .	0.500
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	to lose on the question of alstom would have serious effects in europe and not only for the policies on competition .	4.250
vehicles ablaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles 'left burning ' as smoke emits from japan tunnel	4.2
students take a ride on airwaves	5.5-magnitude quake hits off taiwan	0
a functioning unit of a larger political organization , a cadre	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement .	4.4
an insider returns to politics in italy # memofromrome # politics	berlusconi stirs up elections in italy	2.6
battery is contained in bulb	the battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	2.50
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.83
tropical storm isaac boosts jobless claims	tropical storm joyce forms , stays in open atlantic	1
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of turkish government .	4.500
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei .	the president has fewer powers that it seems , and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me ayatollah ali khamenei .	4.500
singapore is already the united states ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .	although a small city-state , singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the united states , with trade volume of $ 33.4 billion last year .	3.800
a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .	a man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling .	4.600
voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery .	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.00
discover a logical or causal connection ; associate	make a logical or causal connection .	3.8
squyres is principal investigator for the athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .	steve squyres , a cornell university scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .	4.200
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up .	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	1.00
china stocks open flat monday	chinese stocks open mixed wednesday	1.4
be given to , come into the possession of	come into the possession of .	4.4
supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner ( rather than privately or discreetly ) is a personality problem .	i think for an appropriate answer i 'd need to know exactly what the 'bad ' ideology is .	1.20
a woman is scraping a carrot .	a man is striking clay pots .	0.000
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	2.25
there must be a balance as a whole .	the body must be in balance .	4.000
a man is riding a bicycle .	a monkey is riding a bike .	2.000
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object .	4.750
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is stabbing a target .	1.200
a man is playing the guitar and singing .	a man is playing the guitar .	2.917
tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against chinese rule	teenage tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in china	3.8
mcgill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the caprice 's trunk .	mcgill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the caprice 's trunk .	2.250
the two boys play in the field .	the two people have their heads covered with scarves .	0.00
the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something .	1.6
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.80
egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo	police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo	4.00
a green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks .	a black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks .	3
what could be causing my gfci to trip ?	what could be causing my gfci outlet to trip ?	4
the value of a currency 's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another .	3
a skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .	a skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .	1.40
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the state of taking in or encircling .	0.2
do you think that the austrian model , i.e . bilateral majority resolutions , will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the european institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the council ?	do you think that the ‘ austrian 'model – namely decision-making majority bilateral - will in future be an instrument for making it possible to take decisions by ignoring the european institutions and to establish a new institution , or a new group , to be able to get round the unanimity rule in the council ?	5.000
german envoy optimistic about iran-g5+1 talks	iran 'cautiously optimistic ' about future nuclear talks	1.40
because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.40
obama declares health care law is working	obama pledges to make new health care law work	3
supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .	3.8
justice clarence thomas breaks his silence nytimes or the onion article ? ca n't tell	justice thomas breaks his silence in court	4.2
a black table with white fuzzy chair .	a woman with her child .	0
pakistanis vote in landmark election	pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks	3.40
burundi police fire tear gas at protesters	montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition	1
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.80
china 's new stealth frigate commissioned	belarus , latvia to set up border commission	0.2
carney sets high bar to change at boe	carney sets high bar to changes at bank of england	5
a woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .	white bus parked in grass in front of building .	0
a man is riding on a boat .	a man is tying in the machine .	0.400
in the mdax , the actions of arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .	in rome , alemanno gave the order to make the commission for the future of the capital leave .	0
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	it has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .	5.000
you also imply you may not be paid if they can not place you with a client .	you can do it , but you might not be a professor .	0
pictures show completed costa concordia operation	timelapse of costa concordia operation	4.40
the act of concealing or disguising	the state of being excluded .	0.4
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often take pride here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.833
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as `` associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy '' for all lus . lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications .	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language ;	0.8
someone is cracking an egg open .	a man is breaking an egg .	3.000
no , sir i am spanish but i have lived here two years .	no , not mr , i am spanish but i have lived here thinking two years .	3
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .	4.40
im very proud of the citizens of this state , said gov . john baldacci , a casino foe .	`` i´m very proud of the citizens of this state , '' gov . john baldacci said after votes from tuesday´s referendum were counted .	3.800
a person is frying .	a person is peeling a potato .	1.200
a man and a woman talk in a diner .	a man and a woman are riding on a bicycle .	1.200
us : assad used chemical weapons on syria rebels	assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons	1.80
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	the switch and the bulb have to be in the same path	3.60
an orange kitten lay on a leather couch .	young couple sitting on a black couch .	0.8
that compared with a year-earlier profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .	that was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .	3.200
a bicycle is parked by a shop .	a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .	4
originally posted by anabelle what 's wrong with that ?	originally posted by vienna to 'say ' what ?	0
it is true , i look forward to leave .	it is true , i look forward to their release .	2
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .	four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .	4.80
the bishop of armidale , peter brain , was forthright .	`` he has n't got much choice , '' said the bishop of armidale , peter brain .	2.000
four seriously injured in m23 motorway crash	four injured in motorway crash	3.6
a man is buttering a piece of bread .	a man is applying butter to bread .	5.000
the state of being more than satisfied or satiated .	the state of being more than full .	4.500
family uses pot to manage son 's autism ... wow	boy given pot to manage his autism	5
a person peels shrimp .	the lady peeled the shrimp .	3.500
how do you do that ?	how should you do that ?	4
build , make by combining materials or parts	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts .	4
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .	three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .	4.20
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is right that the committee on legal affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % .	4.800
what kind of socket is this ?	what type of faucet is this ?	0
while no result had yet been announced , many young people came to demonstrate against the power of president alexander lukashenko : `` the dictator , resign '' .	while no result had not yet been announced , many young people were came to demonstrate against the power of president alexander lukashenko : `` the dictator , resignation '' .	4
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	something ( as property ) held by one party ( the trustee ) for the benefit of another ( the beneficiary ) .	3.8
can oprah save lance armstrong ? she 's not convinced # doprah	can even oprah save lance armstrong ?	3.8
a woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face .	a woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind .	2.6
who decides the laws of war ? it belongs in civilian courts .	news analysis : military tribunals and international war crimes	1
china sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	china ships enter waters off disputed islands	3.40
crowds , dignitaries gather for mandela memorial service	obama takes 'selfie ' at mandela 's funeral service	1.60
today in history , april 23	today in history , jan. 21	1.4
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the turkish government .	4.750
large white cruise ship floating on water .	large cruise ship floating on the water .	4.6
a small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck .	the white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table .	1.6
kroger co. , which owns ralphs , and albertsons inc. bargain jointly with safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .	in a show of corporate solidarity , kroger co. , which owns ralphs , and albertson inc. locked out their workers the next morning .	3.800
the best thing you can do is to know your stuff .	the best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold .	2
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	this does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help .	5.000
washington 's economic boom , financed by you real life `` hunger games ''	washington ? s economic boom , financed by you	3.8
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is something which is most controversial , the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	4.800
the most popular is tf-idf weighting .	one of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .	4
an observer of a process or activity	a meeting devoted to a particular activity .	0.4
stars are rotating , but that 's not the cause for their stability .	stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from .	3.00
shares of mony were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on instinet .	mony shares rose 8.76 per cent to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading in new york .	3.250
the boy fell off his bike .	a boy falls off his bike .	4.800
i do n't see obama as the lesser of two evils .	i do n't see him as evil at all .	2
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	a woman is cracking eggs .	4.000
a person is peeling shrimp .	a person is preparing shrimp .	3.600
the military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldiers wounded .	the military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier killed and six wounded .	3.000
the brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .	a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	4.60
how do i wire a bathroom exhaust fan/light to two switches ?	how do i wire a combo with two supplies ?	1
`` pray for me '' . defense secretary panetta in audience with pope	defense secretary leon panetta meets pope	3.2
the questions are many .	the questions are many .	5.000
bombs in southern thailand kill 5 , wound 50	bombs in thailand kill 14 , wound 340	3
a man is riding an electric bicycle .	a man is riding a bicycle .	3.500
iraq bombings kill at least 26	iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12	2
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps most important , ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence , not bernanke	5.000
a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services .	4.2
buoyed by some of the advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .	buoyed by advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 on thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .	4.250
a group of old men walking down the street	a couple walking down the street .	2.00
syrian fighter pilot defects to jordan	syrian pm defects to jordan	1.4
group of people posing with two men dressed as elvis .	a group of people standing with two other people dressed as elvis .	4.2
b and c were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.60
firstly , there 's no need to panic or rush .	christy is a fat sack of shit .	0.00
at tuesday 's arraignment hearing , marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements .	at the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges .	3.000
understand the meaning of something .	get the meaning of something .	5
`` americans do n't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , '' she said .	she also pledged to bring peace to iraq : `` americans do n't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . ''	3.600
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting	approval of the minutes of the previous session	5.000
you answered your own question .	you pretty much answered your own question .	5
conmen dressed as women steal cash	cctv : york conmen dress as women to trick pensioners	3.80
a large jet on the ground at the airport .	a passenger jet flies through the air .	1.8
army jets kill 38 militants in nw pakistan air raids	u.s. drone kills 4 militants in pakistan	3.20
two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float .	two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool .	4.200
a cat plays in his water .	the cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish .	3.500
nra 's video game smacks of hypocrisy # nra # guncontrol	nra 's video game hypocrisy	4.6
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . ''	the success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise .	5.000
what is the difference between a stock and a bond ?	what is the difference between a tortoise and a turtle ?	0
a small dog laying on the bed .	a small dog is laying on a bed .	5.000
as per your definition , a star formed in a binary system ( hence near some gravitating body ) is a generalised planet .	the main flaw with your definition of a `` generalised planet '' would be the boundary between stars and planets .	3.20
cuba sees `` major role '' for foreign investment	house set to vote on plan to reopen government	0.00
a man is standing in front of the window and looking outside .	a man is staring out the window .	3.800
man standing in front of yellow corvette .	a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .	3.2
because one of the bulb terminals is bad , and the other ones are good .	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	1.17
pentagon to lift combat ban	pentagon ends ban on women in combat	3.4
u.s. dumps bombs at great barrier reef	u.s. military jettisons bombs near australia 's great barrier reef	3.8
gabby and mark : the new bradys of gun control # tgdn libs play dirty as norm	the new 'bradys ' of gun control ?	3.4
`` certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , '' he added .	`` we do n't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , '' he said .	4.250
a man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa .	a man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen .	2.2
a man is preparing a hanging rope .	a man is tying a noose .	4.667
a man is singing while playing the guitar .	a man is stuffing himself full with food .	0.500
accept , acclimate or adapt to a context , situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .	4.6
stripping out the extraordinary items , fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year .	earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended may 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier .	1.000
you needed both a battery and a blub with the same path , and the path must be closed	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	4.00
the couple danced in the church .	a couple slow dances .	3.200
two women sitting outside laughing .	two women standing outside of a bus .	2.4
a customer requests an entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium .	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities ;	2.8
president dmitry medvedev 's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies .	the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies .	3.2
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	in 1996 , the european parliament is in favour of a ban on the use in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only they had .	3.800
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to cite an anonymous writer ?	0
gear or develop something to a particular purpose	suit to a special purpose .	4.6
a black and white photo of a love seat .	a black and white photo of a bicycle .	1.8
a sporting match , boxing	a boxing or wrestling match .	3.750
tin foil hat for the dog face , what size do u wear ?	tin foil hat for the sarg , what size do u wear ?	3
in this frame , there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole . in cases where the target is an adjective , it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective , as in	the striking or working surface of an implement	0
you 've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week .	you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .	1.80
a girl is playing the piano .	a little girl is playing a grand piano on stage .	3.333
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the battery .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.50
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this co-operation , for your support and also for your reception , madam the president , mesdames and the european deputies , the french presidency thanks you .	4.400
yes , from today flash memory purchased from amd or fujitsu will be branded spansion .	spansion flash memory solutions are available worldwide from amd and fujitsu .	2.625
2 turkish unions call for strike on monday in protest over police violence	turkey unrest : unions call for strike over police crackdown	3.4
apparently a suicide	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26	0.4
general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at yarralumla .	maj-gen jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at yarralumla .	4.727
a black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .	4.80
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of those members who are rather honourably here .	4.250
indian stocks open lower	indian stocks close lower	1.8
it 's pretty much up to you .	it is up to you .	5
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential .	4.500
saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	nigeria church blast kills at least 12	0.6
angela merkel wins third term in german elections	merkel wins big in germany election	3.8
a case when you might want to take someone else 's shit ...	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds	0
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something .	0.6
two dogs play in the grass .	two dogs are playing in the grass .	5.00
syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near damascus	syria army continues mop-up operations near damascus	1.6
there are a few possible reasons .	there are a few reasons that paint wrinkles .	3
if a switch is open , the circut is no longer closed .	the path is not closed	2.40
the terminology is usually called `` destructive vs non destructive '' editing .	lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed .	2.40
4 dead after boat capsizes off florida coast	8 dead after heavy rains on island of st vincent	0.8
an instance or action of being incorrect .	the status or fact of being elected .	0
a man is praying .	a man is running .	0.727
a device to control the rate of some activity , e.g. , chemical or mechanical	any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow , pressure , temperature , etc..	2.750
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something .	0.8
influence or control skillfully and often deviously .	influence or control shrewdly or deviously .	4
three cows are grazing in a grassy field .	three cows grazing in a field .	4.6
people who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers .	my motivation is that i like to look at things from their roots and go up .	0.00
dr. neander 's revised version .	neander 's revised version '' ?	4
two women mix something in a food processor .	two women make something in a blender .	4.000
darren dopp , a spitzer spokesman , declined to comment late thursday .	john heine , a spokesman for the commission in washington , declined to comment on mr. spitzer 's criticism .	1.400
global online # education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -	op-ed columnist : revolution hits the universities	0.6
morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it .	2
the state of being in contact	the state of being active .	1.2
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront .	3.750
have sex with	have sexual intercourse with .	5.000
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was no qualified majority in this parliament to go back to article 272 .	5.000
canada approves oil pipeline to the pacific coast	canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to pacific	4.80
how do you teach a toddler not to share ?	how do you get a child to eat ?	1
five cows are grazing beside the road .	several sheep grazing in the field .	1
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be in balance .	4.667
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summarised as follows : the citizens on bureaucracy .	5.000
in # turkey , mourners protest killings of # kurds	mourners in turkey protest killings of kurdish activists	4.4
for the larger issue , if you are going to take that route , then is islam an inherently evil/violent religion ?	are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion ?	3.80
tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field .	person in grassy field tending to sheep .	1.2
thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse . labels are powerful .	opinionator | the stone : what is a 'hacktivist ' ?	0
a woman is slicing meat with a knife .	a man is spreading out dough .	0.417
a dog is driving a car .	a guy is talking into a microphone .	0.000
when it creates an open path	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	1.40
yes , it 's true that the apparent size of the moon is 30 arcmin .	when you gaze at the moon `` live '' , you are not seeing a still image .	1.00
a woman cuts up a vegetable .	a woman is slicing egg plant .	2.250
extension likely for iran nuclear talks	oil slips below $ 108 ahead of iran nuclear talks	1.40
the 30-year bond us30yt=rr dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .	the 30-year bond us30yt=rr lost 16/32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .	3.333
mitt romney wins maryland gop primary	romney wins maryland republican primary	4.8
morning athletic inspiration ( let everyone compete ! ) : forging path to starting line for younger disabled athletes # nyt	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness	2.2
what language does this look like ?	what is this language ?	5
a yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate .	a yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .	2.8
thousands rally to support embattled tunisia government	thousands gather to support islamist government in tunisia	4.60
the basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .	in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	3
close up of a white sheep with a black head .	a close-up of a sheep with a black head .	4
the central area of an object	the center of an object .	4.6
police : four killed in german hostage taking incident	palestinians : 12 killed in idf strike in northern strip	1
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists , murdered in the course of the past six years .	4.500
a backpack standing beside a train .	a social gathering of people in a restaurant .	0
us government 'on the edge of shutdown '	obama rejects gop offer to ease shutdown	2.4
bulbs a and b will still be contained in a closed path to the battery .	bulbs a and b are still in closed paths with the battery	4.83
a dog and a red ball in the air .	a dog digs a hole in a yard .	1.00
a man is talking on a phone .	a man is singing to a woman .	0.250
a woman is dancing .	a woman is kneading dough .	0.400
egypt lets mubarak pm back in presidential race	egypt confirms mubarak 's pm back in presidency race	4.25
the top baby names of 2013 - ( gee , my name is not on there ; o ) ) ) )	parenting.com 's top baby names	1.4
have a complexion with a strong bright color ; reflect emotion via one 's complexion .	have a complexion with a strong bright color , such as red or pink .	3.2
thus the need for health care insurance reform ... the	is your health care rationed ?	1.20
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the karamanou report .	4.600
japan closes last nuclear reactor	japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend	4.2
the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something .	0
in addition , primary care trusts ( pcts ) were given star ratings for the first time this year .	primary care trusts and mental health trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year .	3.800
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	as the court of human rights , the council of europe also has a solid experience with regard to such forms of control we can take it as a basis .	4.250
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	this leaves opposition conservative without effective response .	4.750
how do you remove mold from a tent ?	how do i remove mildew from a tent ?	5
a man is running across a high wire .	a man is running on rope .	3.000
a lone cow sits in the cold of the yard .	a black and white cow standing in the field .	1.8
janet yellen to become first woman to lead the federal reserve	us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief	4.60
a man is standing on a roof top playing a violin .	a man is on a roof dancing .	1.800
i know i 'd hate to be him .	i 'd hate to be him too .	4.4
bulbs a and c are not on the same closed path .	a and c are not in the same path	4.60
british teenager killed in fall from magaluf hotel	british teenager killed in magaluf hotel fall	5.00
the act of putting something to use .	the act of testing something .	1.9
car bombs kill at least 16 in iraqi capital	car bombs kill at least 47 in baghdad area	2.60
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is shooting off a gun .	0.850
fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane .	4
this is highly used in dynamic programming .	there are four steps in dynamic programming : 1 .	2
( cause to ) sully the good name and reputation of .	charge falsely or with malicious intent ; attack the good name and reputation of someone .	4.4
view of a living room with a dining room in the background .	a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .	3.8
it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level , expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast , studies suggest .	but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level , expected in the early part of the second half of the century , these effects will become critical .	3.00
i can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that .	the form insofar is american english ; the standard form in british and other english is 'in so far ' .	1.80
minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	minn. terminal reopens after bag causes evacuation	3.8
u.s. , allies to add sanctions against russia over ukraine	eu slaps new sanctions on russia over ukraine	3.00
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often take pride here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.833
on the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .	the foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .	4.250
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , radical technological progress off these threats .	5.000
zhang stated -- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt .	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .	4.4
lessen in force , impact , or effect	lessen in force or effect .	5
a striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter .	domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .	3.8
i disagree that the moniker “ most extensive ” should be applied to dorothy jones heydt ’ s language .	the most extensive vulcan language was made by fans in the 60 's , especially by linguist dorothy jones heydt .	1.67
not contained in a closed path	bulb c was not in a closed path	2.83
the joint debate is closed .	the joint debate is closed .	5.000
all the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages .	one idea that 's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between holds and moves .	0.20
( cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .	run at a moderately swift pace .	4.2
do n't cook for him - he 's a grown up .	do n't worry about him - he 's a grown up .	3.60
when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to apply the precautionary principle .	when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution .	5.000
actually , it 's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line .	of course , people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean , death is peeking around the corner .	0.00
4 killed , several injured in sw china car accident	two killed , seventeen injured in raiwind road accident	0
create a coating for something .	the act of projecting out from something .	0
get or find back ; recover	get or find back ; recover the use of .	4.6
guide , draw through	pass over , across , or through .	1.750
the man took off his sunglasses while talking .	a man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks .	3.400
create something in the mind	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case .	3.6
a social gesture of deferential greeting	a courteous expression ( by word or deed ) of esteem or regard .	3.400
barrick in talks with china firm over african assets	obama aide holds talks in china after syria veto	1.2
# new york city ties # doctors ? # income to # quality of # care	new york city hospitals to tie doctors ? performance pay to quality measures	3.8
this is n't necessarily bad , but if they do move you it would be better if they gave you everything ( including the electronic chips for the race )	this is not wrong but if they do you move that would be better if they give you any ( including the electronic chip shop ) .	3
a man with long hair is looking through a camera .	a man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .	2.00
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something	the act of referring or consulting .	0
bulb a and bulb c are in a closed path with the battery .	bulb b and bulb c were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	3.60
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	5.00
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i already explained it in second reading , a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive .	4.750
eu ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington .	gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington , said eu ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .	5.000
a cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan .	a cat is swinging on a fan .	4.200
us ups pressure on israel as un demands gaza truce	us , un up pressure on israel over gaza	4
china is a member of the ballistic missile club .	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east .	0
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective .	governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia .	1
the new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .	the 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money .	2.800
chances are it will move more to the middle over time .	boycott as you deem fit , but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top .	0.00
a dog running across the sand	a dog running through the water .	2.80
the academic year does start around september in the usa and i think most european countries .	i would not accelerate things , to avoid getting worse grades that you want .	0.20
i 'm going to shout for justice for trayvon .	the people shouting for justice for trayvon are all hypocrites .	1.6
a stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .	the federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million .	2.200
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the turkish government .	4.500
cbn reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes	nigeria announces plans to change polymer naira notes	2.2
italian parliament backs new pm	train derailment kills 4 in new york	0.00
sarkozy at the meeting of fishermen angry	nicolas sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen .	2
the two components are seperated .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	3.33
a bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .	a dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .	1.80
nato strike 'kills civilians ' in afghanistan	two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	0.8
several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	5
have in mind as a plan or purpose	wipe with a sponge , so as to clean or moisten .	0
a group of horses grazing in a field .	a brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .	2.6
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	that is why i also believe that this reconciliation can take , and the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems , needs visible signs of success and a strong support , otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole .	4.600
a brown dog about to catch a green frisbee .	a brown dog waits for the frisbee to come down before catching it .	3.80
a man is running .	a man is singing .	1.250
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue supporting latvia on the question of the russian population .	4.500
two birds flying towards water feeder .	two birds flying near bird feeders .	3.6
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	indeed , there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another , because the definitions used in the member states currently sufficient all amply .	4.500
location sheltered from the wind	a portion removed from the whole .	0
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i say it very clearly to you : it is necessary to give its chance to kostunica and i hope since it will take care of an amnesty during the weeks or of the months to come ; but meanwhile , i wish however that , on the political plan and the budgetary term , of the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two special budget headings , namely democratization and the rebuilding .	4.200
49 killed , 148 wounded in violent attacks in iraq	2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in iraq	1.40
generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .	use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .	1
an employee has a position doing work in a particular field , or doing work on a particular task , for which an employer gives compensation to the employee .	the occupation for which you are paid ;	2.6
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline ( in size or strength or power or number ) .	2.6
explosions near the iranian embassy in beirut	two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut	4.2
romney announces paul ryan as running mate	romney chooses ryan as gop running mate	4.4
it was the best advance since oct. 1 , when the index gained 22.25 .	standard & poor 's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its best advance since oct. 1 , when it gained 22.25 .	3.000
the 30-year bond us30yt=rr firmed 31/32 , taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent .	the 30-year bond < us30yt=rr > firmed 24/32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .	2.750
russian federal law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued .	the last round of presidential elections in russia was held on march 4th , 2012 and december 4th , 2011 for the duma .	0.60
firstly , simplification and clarification of the treaties .	initially , that of a simplification and a clarification of the treaties .	4.800
syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb , kill 5	hunting for clues in boston bombing	0.40
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mister preside over it , i insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector .	4.000
'million man march ' threatens # pakistan capital - cnn ,	'million man march ' promises to paralyze pakistani capital	4.2
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected .	4.000
because it was connected to the positive side .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.60
per centum	a proportion in relation to a whole ( which is usually the amount per hundred ) .	2.750
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place .	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they are n't ever charged in the first place .	0.00
a little girl peddling a scooter .	a girl is riding a scooter .	2.750
a person is chopping an herb .	a man is finely chopping a green substance .	3.000
a man is playing piano .	a man is laying on the ground .	0.750
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.000
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is that the european union is involved and that it do so quickly .	4.600
the woman is seasoning the oil .	a woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl .	1.400
i need a 'stop day ' in my life . # cnn	the importance of a 'stop day '	2.8
also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story .	it is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit .	2
a group of people are in the water .	a group of people ride in a race	0.60
tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .	tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .	4.750
iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	uk : iran nuclear talks at a serious point	3.00
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	put a little love in your heart we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.6
b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnap in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	b5-0794 / 2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on colombia removal of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla ;	3.400
the men are playing a guitar and having a drink .	there is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep .	0
you can find where there is a gap	measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .	2.60
new york lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws ills	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws	2.4
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	faced with criticism , especially those in ireland and france , the british chancellor of the exchequer gave a new interpretation of it : it is now a tax for all users , including the british drivers of heavy goods vehicles .	3.800
if bulb b is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit	2.40
certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this `` singular they '' on various `` logical '' grounds .	second one ( for writing purpose ) , if i believe the `` they/their ( singular ) '' article .	3.00
i 'd like to read this . mt : interview with dl weiss , who put her child on a diet and wrote about it .	motherlode blog : an interview with dara-lynn weiss , who put her 7-year-old on a diet , and wrote a book about it .	4.4
highly infectious viral disease	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease .	3.500
the man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick .	man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick .	3.8
perform an action with an intent to deceive .	make a copy of with the intent to deceive .	2.4
because bulb b is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal	2.20
egypt announces arrest of 1,004 muslim brotherhood supporters	egypt orders arrest of brotherhood chief badie	1.8
the classic american fame and blame game . the point of lance	op-ed columnist : the point of lance armstrong	3.2
apple computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said monday .	apple computer inc. said monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .	4.600
you purport to value life very heavily .	i purport to value human life very highly .	2.8
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	1.20
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white dog looking at the camera .	1
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area .	beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars .	3.8
74 dead in egypt soccer violence	at least 73 die in egyptian soccer pitch invasion	3.2
a dog digging in the sand .	a brown dog digs in the sand .	4.20
a man chops down a tree with an axe .	a man cut a tree with an axe .	4.750
the former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation , said his spokesman jim kennedy .	his spokesman jim kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation .	3.600
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal .	terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	3.50
a dog running on the grass	two dogs are running on the grass .	2.60
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position .	4.2
before it was removed , the site listed in broken english the rules for hackers who might participate .	organizers established a web site , http : //defacerschallenge.com , listing in broken english the rules for hackers who might participate .	3.000
wall street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to thomson first call .	the results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by thomson first call .	2.200
black and white cow standing in grassy field .	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus .	0.8
what the papers say , june 25 , 2013	what the papers say , aug. 19 , 2013	2.20
declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	the statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	4.800
an elderly man works on his laptop at home .	older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop .	4.2
two killed in new israeli strike on gaza : medics	5 die in strikes on gaza , militants barrage israel	2
wal-mart estimates more than 100 million americans visit their stores every week .	each week 138 million shoppers visit wal-mart 's 4,750 stores .	2.800
the two dogs were in the pen .	the cowboy rode his horse in the desert .	0.000
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan .	police stated that -- chung has been on the run .	1.8
i had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation .	i 'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at london heathrow .	0.00
you can do it , too .	yes , you can do it .	5
a cruise ship is in front of a docking area .	calico cat sitting on step in front of a door .	0
a train is at a train station .	a train parked at a train station .	4.2
turkey scrambles jets near border	turkey scrambles jets to syrian border	3.6
it 's really good , and quite innovative in places .	they controlled spain for quite awhile back then .	0.00
a man is playing a guitar .	a girl is playing a guitar .	2.800
italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	passengers dead in italy bus plunge	3.80
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of terminating a life .	0
but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it , feeding him along ?	but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention , awaiting trial .	1.40
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	things are not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures , and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments .	4.200
a brown dog chases a frisbee	a brown dog squating on grass .	1.60
the note 's must-reads for august 1 , 2012	the note 's must reads for wednesday july 4 , 2012	1.8
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic fell 23.54 points , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .	0.750
one killed in clashes at muslim brotherhood cairo offices	egypt : protesters storm muslim brotherhood 's hq	2
israel pm accuses iran president of hypocrisy	greek pm accuses coalition of hypocrisy	1.20
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	on the question of losing alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for the policies on competition .	4.250
a mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water .	a small child in a pink dress sits on a table .	0
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth will diminish .	4.400
b5-0794/2000 , by mr medina ortega , mr linkohr and mr fava , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the kidnap in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas ;	b5-0794/2000 , misters medina ortega , linkohr and fava , in the name of the europeans group of the european socialist , on removal in colombia of a spanish jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla ;	4.200
play off-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry .	3.8
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections .	the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons ( opaq ) will also take part in the meeting .	1
he is cutting spending .	i hate bloated spending .	1
egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins	egypt protesters defy cabinet threat	4
a man is slicing a carrot by a machine .	a man is climbing a rope .	0.400
car bomb kills 20 in northwest syria	car bomb in northern syria kills 20	4.6
a black and white photo of an empty train station .	a black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .	1.6
`` people are obviously inconvenienced , '' said dr. jim young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .	`` we 're being hyper-vigilant , '' said dr. james young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .	2.250
a man is playing the piano .	a man played the guitar .	2.000
the are both connected the negative battery terminal .	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	3.20
german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal	german parliament endorses greek bailout	4.4
evolution is not an opinion , not a belief .	atomic theory is not an opinion , not a belief .	1.6
behave in a certain way , usu . joyful	behave in a certain way .	4.4
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .	look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush .	1.17
royal hoax dj takes action against station	taliban bombs us base in afghanistan	0.00
'scores of bodies ' found in syria	eight more bodies found on ship	1.4
the act of turning , rotating an object	turning or twisting around ( in place ) .	3
romney wins florida republican primary	romney eyes us republican primary endgame	1.8
lessen in force , impact , or effect	lessen in force or effect .	4.6
behave in a certain way ; have a specific effect or outcome	behave in a certain way .	3.500
a continuous horizontal layer of brick	( construction ) a layer of masonry .	1.750
`` spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer , '' it said .	the report added that `` spin '' and manipulative public relations `` are not the answer , '' but that neither is avoiding the debate .	3.600
an indication or manifestation of something , often physical	an indication of damage .	2.750
( cause to ) change from a solid to a liquid .	become liquid or fluid when heated .	4
confine in or as if in a prison	confine as if in a prison .	4.6
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
two men are playing football .	two men are practicing football .	3.400
computer text files	( computer science ) a computer file that contains text ( and possibly formatting instructions ) using seven-bit ascii characters .	3.000
becasue the terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4.40
it 's just a bunch of cells .	i 'm `` a bunch of cells . ''	2.2
nelson mandela taken to hospital	nelson mandela released from hospital	1.6
exclusive-update 2-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	exclusive-update 1-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	4.6
semiconductor giant intel corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business .	intel corp. 's second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors .	3.800
a man is dancing .	a man is riding a horse .	0.800
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .	russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure .	3
the person is starting a fire .	a person makes fire .	5.000
a full stop , as a punctuation mark	a punctuation mark ( . ) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations .	4.000
awesome ! # republicans ca n't win on their ideas so they will change the rules ! ?	some gop-led states look at electoral vote changes	0.8
the other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .	the easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ …is a kind of ” relationship .	0
a white cat standing on a carpet .	a pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table .	1.6
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .	the tan and black dog is running across the grass .	3.40
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	there is also conditional probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .	0
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation .	4.500
three children in a ball pit .	several children playing in a ball pit .	3.40
a woman is slicing up some meat .	a woman is breading some meat .	2.250
someone is boiling okra in a pot .	someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .	0.800
while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-qaida .	while some other parts of africa have been used as al qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group .	5.000
hot # luxury news : japanese airlines suspend dreamliner flights after emergency land ? , see more	japanese airlines suspend dreamliner flights after emergency landing	4.6
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	this is an implicit but clear répudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years .	4.500
a rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack .	a captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive .	3.500
nadal tops djokovic for 7th french open title	tennis : nadal defeats djokovic for monte carlo title	3.2
bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.80
the federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of hurricane isabel , as were schools , and much of the region 's transportation network was slowed .	in the aftermath of hurricane isabel , federal and local governments remained shut down , as did schools and many businesses .	3.250
one dead in new israeli strike on gaza	two killed in new israeli strike on gaza : medics	3.6
this is no time for the faint-hearted .	it is not the moment to be hesitant .	3.400
it is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .	it is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .	4
a black and a yellow dog	a black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .	2.20
two u.s. soldiers killed in `` insider '' attack in afghanistan	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in nw pakistan	0.8
two cats , one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket .	two cats , one ginger , the other white laying on a bed .	3.2
because there are more effective ways for her majesty to change or veto laws .	they do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen 's will .	2.80
manchester city wins second premier league title in three years	manchester city win english premier league title	3.80
i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights into the eventual treaty of nice .	i also voted against a text which calls for the integration of the charter of fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted at nice .	4.800
the electrical state is interferred with .	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	1.80
go back , restore , revive	go back to a previous state .	4.000
abuja is the capital of	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia .	0.8
bulb b and bulb c are still in closed paths .	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.00
properly executed weight training will increase , not decrease , your flexibility and mobility .	i 've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights .	2.20
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as the european parliament called for in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , that these initiatives is the presidency of the european council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the un peace plan ?	4.400
israel carrying out ground offensive in gaza	israel launches ground offensive in gaza	4.80
a table is set with wine and dishes for two people .	a wooden table is set with candles , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .	2.6
a truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in arctic norway for the last six days .	world briefing | europe : norway : cheese fire shuts tunnel	3.2
black train on train tracks .	a train on the train tracks .	4.1
i visit az every summer and include some hikes in the desert when i 'm there .	apart from what has been said , your need of water also depends on what you eat .	0.20
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a flute .	1.583
how can i be sure my water softener is working ?	how can i determine what is in my water ?	2
cause to be or last longer , extend in duration or space .	lengthen or extend in duration or space .	4.2
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	affect with or as if with a cramp .	0.8
the act of flipping an object into the air	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .	0.8
he planned to stay all day until the river crested , which was forecast for late last night .	he and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding .	2.400
bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	3.60
a work area for manufacturing or repair work	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done .	3.8
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we must intervene now with money and concrete action , and not just with words .	5.000
shinseki retires wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in vietnam and head of u.s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia .	shinseki 's career included combat in vietnam and head of u.s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia .	3.000
spanish train crash driver to be questioned	spanish train driver garzon to be questioned by judge	3.8
a man with long hair is looking through a camera .	a woman stands against a wall near a video camera .	1.00
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	1.60
nelson mandela undergoes surgery	‘ nelson mandela is recovering ’	2.2
a man sitting on the floor plays a guitar .	a man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar .	4.800
find , determine the place of	determine or indicate the place , site , or limits of , as if by an instrument or by a survey .	3.250
a girl dances in the rain .	a woman is dancing in the rain .	3.000
a woman is playing in the ocean .	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook .	0.750
george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one 's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences .	we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences .	2.50
( cause to ) swing and miss the third pitch , striking out	strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third .	4.750
customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .	retail pricing for sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $ 1,219 .	4.333
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them ?	4.000
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained in second reading , is at the root of this directive .	3.500
a man is opening a box using a knife .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.000
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .	2.6
you might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him .	my advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like .	2
two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a disney snow white costume .	a girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	2.20
a person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .	a lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .	2.20
hilsenrath and klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud .	klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud .	1.400
kids are dancing on stage .	some people are dancing on stage .	3.000
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take .	5.000
a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known , given the ( usually implicit ) evidence , perceiver , and the circumstances in which it is considered . for several of the lus , such as visible , audible , etc. , the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience .	be or become visible or noticeable ;	3.2
fire at south korean bus terminal kills 5	s korea bus station fire kills seven	3.20
your worry is a valid one ; the reader could be frustrated by this .	i do n't believe not knowing a character 's name would be confusing unless you make it so .	1.40
the note 's must-reads for friday , december 6 , 2013	the note 's must-reads for friday , july 12 , 2013	1.8
cause romantic action ; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty , principles , or proper conduct .	3.2
first , we must consider that `` sphere '' is less hard sf and more soft sf , thriller , airport novel and such .	`` fins '' on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes : solar panels or thermal radiators .	0.00
the trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .	the trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses friday .	4.500
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time .	the period during which something is functional ( as between birth and death ) ;	2.2
a young woman is playing a guitar .	a woman cuts up some meat .	0.750
a group of black people in front of a building with a moped .	a group of people are outside a decrepit building .	2.8
southwest jet hit nose first	southwest jet 's nose gear landed first	3.60
a little boy is vacuuming the floor .	a boy is vacuuming .	3.800
filmmaker jason da silva on the challenges of navigating ny with # ms : the long wait ? # sundance	op-docs : ? the long wait ?	2
the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another .	2
turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position .	3.6
define value of optimal solution recursively .	characterise structure of an optimal solution .	4
think it 's going to stay that way with less police ?	is there any way that can be avoided ?	0.60
the opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results . it is trying rather to get its message on the need for economic reforms to the voters .	the opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results . it is trying rather to get his message on the need for economic reforms to the voters .	5
avalanche buries at least 100 pakistani soldiers	avalanche buries over 100 pakistani soldiers	4.6
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point is the fact that we started in category four , with its approach , but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue , not least because the council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection .	4.800
japan defends dolphin hunt after us criticism	japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from us	5.00
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .	the back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .	5
what we don ’ t know is killing us the gun industry ca n't handle the truth .	editorial : what we don ? t know is killing us	2.8
afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approves new election law	3.8
nytimes : smartphones become life ? s remote control -- - amazing	smartphones can now run consumers ? lives	3.6
the voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal .	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.40
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	3.60
his dissent was joined by chief justice william h. rehnquist and justice clarence thomas .	chief justice william h. rehnquist and justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas dissented .	3.800
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison .	dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public .	1.8
suicide bomber hits funeral in iraq	suicide bomber strikes in syria	1.8
a woman is wrapping tofu .	a woman is balling dough .	1.400
peter is not in the top ten but mo , bertie and gus are ? : `` the top baby names of 2013 ''	parenting.com 's top baby names	1.6
four dead in indonesia train accident	five dead as indonesia train collides with fuel truck	3.4
the black bird is sitting on the ground .	the back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background .	0
the government has provided £14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million savers of bradford & bingleys .	the loan of £14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of bradford & bingleys are released .	2
erdogan and putin talked in raised voice	foreign militants killed in somalia in strike on car	0
u.s. and turkey weigh no-fly zones for syria	turkey , us weigh no-fly zones for syria	4.8
the reader attends to a text to process its information . sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text .	interpret something that is written or printed ;	1.8
he is suspected of being a key figure in jemaah islamiyah , the al-qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings .	samudra , 32 , is suspected of being a key figure in the al-qaida-linked terror group jemaah islamiyah , which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings .	3.400
an influencing_variable , an influencing_situation , or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity , dependent_variable , or a dependent_situation . compare to subjective_influence . words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world , where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers .	the effect of one thing ( or person ) on another ;	2.4
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party	souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party .	5
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power .	5.000
a man is speaking .	a man is cooking .	0.800
nyt- pentagon lifts ban on women serving in combat roles	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat	4.6
fashion designer lilly pulitzer dies	designer , socialite lilly pulitzer dies at 81	4
a man is putting a knife in a vice .	a man is getting into a car in a garage .	0.800
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament has , however , also for this fund actions by the use of framework , defined in a statement on the financial perspective .	2.000
however , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .	commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major linux distributors still remain months away .	3.786
diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to paul burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her .	burrell said diana wrote a letter in october 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance .	3.000
`` jeremy 's a good guy , '' barber said , adding : `` jeremy is living the dream life of the new york athlete .	he also said shockey is `` living the dream life of a new york athlete .	2.750
keep away , prevent from happening , or not do something	refrain from doing something .	4.000
they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis , these tiny school districts make no sense .	he 's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop ' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science .	0.80
throw with force	utter with force ; utter vehemently .	2.000
tail wagging , abbey trotted on stage with conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference at the anaheim convention center .	on monday , abbey trotted on stage , tail wagging , with conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference .	4.000
three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .	three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .	4.80
philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	death toll in philippines quake jumps to 85	2.80
as a formal theorem , bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .	bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .	2
egypt courts hear cases against mubarak , islamists	egypt court temporarily releases mubarak over illicit gains	1.80
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of breaking something .	0
china to investigate eu wine exports	christie investigation heats up	1.20
a man is stirring ingredients in a bowl .	a man is beating two eggs in a bowl with a fork .	2.750
a philips flat-screen tv is shown with its two remote controls .	a phillips flat screen tv with two remote controls .	5
russin did not comment ; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .	his lawyer , a cousin , basil russin , did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .	3.400
4 foreigners among 9 killed in kabul hotel attack	foreigners among dead in kabul hotel attack	3.60
a man is pouring rice a roni into a pan .	a man poured ric-a-roni into a pan .	3.800
the woman is measuring the other woman .	the lady measured the other woman 's ankle .	3.200
scrape or rub to relieve itching	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching .	5.000
suspected u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan	suspected us drone targets islamic seminary in pakistan	2.20
becuase breaking one bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up .	a and c are in the same closed path	1.20
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as requested by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , that these initiatives the presidency of the european council is going to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the un peace plan ?	4.000
only great things can happen at the cheese monger : in the dairy case , ripe prose	creative cheesemongers pen clever descriptions	2.2
the lady made some slices on the shrimp .	a chef is slicing a shrimp .	2.800
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the european parliament is being given more power .	on the contrary , the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the parliament of the eu .	4.200
`` city-grown pollution , and ozone in particular , is tougher on country trees , '' says cornell university ecologist jillian gregg .	`` i know this sounds counterintuitive , but it 's true : city-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees , '' u.s. ecologist jillian gregg said .	3.600
the process of becoming less or smaller	the bodily process of discharging waste matter .	0.4
a woman is slicing an onion .	a woman is slicing lemons .	2.200
how do i prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?	how do i make this paint match ?	1
older woman holding newborn baby .	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	3.4
15 dead in iraq attacks , bomb at football pitch	46 dead in iraq attack blitz	1.40
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament has , however , also fought for this reduction of funds for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexibility , defined in a statement on the financial perspective .	3.800
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which has always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	4.000
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	a document has representation as a vector .	3
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and also for your warm welcome , madam president , ladies and gentlemen of the european parliament , the french presidency thank you .	4.600
intel 's mcafee buys cloud-based , networked firewall specialist stonesoft for $ 389m in cash	mcafee to acquire firewall stonesoft for $ 389 million	3.8
three young women standing in a room together .	two indian women with two indian girls near the water .	0.4
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it depends on what you want to be able to do .	3
nytimes : apple may be big , but it isn ’ t a bellwether ( my column )	strategies : apple stock isn ? t a bellwether , even if it ? s big	4.2
two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps .	two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross .	0
those are partial psychopaths .	was ted bundy a partial psychopath ?	1.8
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus , they 're lying .	i know what you 're trying to do , but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait .	1.60
someoen is cooking onions .	a man is swinging nunchucks .	0.000
( cause to ) survive	cause to move by pulling .	1.000
he and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .	he attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .	3.400
occupied palestinian territory : israeli forces continue to shed palestinian blood in opt	occupied palestinian territory : israel warns on security as gaza truce talks resume	1
( the discovery or exhibition of ) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something .	a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it .	3.750
remember , from the fleet 's point of view , the rest of the galaxy is what 's moving and experiencing time dilation .	well , it really depends on how long he was there , and the exact speed of the fleet .	1.80
morrill 's wife , ellie , sobbed and hugged bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .	at the service morrill 's widow , ellie , sobbed and hugged bondeson 's sister-in-law as people consoled her .	3.400
scenario a assumes that the co growth rate accelerates by . % /yr .	it assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by . % /yr .	1.75
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity .	suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine ;	0
a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something .	3.2
a man is slicing a potato .	a woman is cutting a jalepeno .	1.400
pressing one does not `` do '' english .	pressing one does send a tone .	1.8
cover with wooden boards ; secure	get on board of ( trains , buses , ships , aircraft , etc . ) .	1.4
( cause to ) make a dry crackling sound , possibly by mixing .	make a dry crackling sound .	3.4
a woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .	a woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera .	0.40
for instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .	the typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .	3
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .	investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night , but authorities said it was from an animal .	4.400
a person is riding a jetski in the waves .	a woman is riding a seadoo .	2.000
give up right or possession to another	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another .	4.4
german ambassador 's athens residence shot at	shots fired at german ambassador 's residence in athens	5
yes it is common !	the simple answer is yes !	3
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .	the answer lies in the support that democratic activists indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally .	3.500
roadside bombs kill 5 in afghanistan	roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in afghanistan	3.4
what is the professional way to follow up with a manager for project opportunity ?	what is the professional way to deal with my manager 's boss ?	2
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .	a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .	4.20
a man and a woman looking at the camera .	a man and a woman laughing .	2.33
the telecom industry just took away our rights . as of today , it 's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier	bits blog : a right to unlock cellphones fades away	3.6
i wonder how this will pan out .	and he spent his money on things he cared about .	0.00
the european council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement .	the european council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations , and therefore of enlargement .	4.800
sony to sell pc unit and cut jobs	sony to axe pc unit in major business overhaul	3
run or flow slowly	run or flow slowly , as in drops or in an unsteady stream .	3.250
an older man is standing outside in front of a truck .	a woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event .	0.00
in probability theory , bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .	1
the act of purchasing back something previously sold .	the act of explaining ; making something plain or intelligible .	0
i 'd love to tear apart his lies , but i do n't know how good i 'd be on a radio show .	thanks for thinking of me , but i do n't have the desire to appear on his show .	2.00
indian army kill 3 militants in indian-controlled kashmir	indian troops kill militant commander in indian-controlled kashmir	3.60
`` i do n't know if the person i 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , '' parrish said .	`` i do n't know whether the person i 'm talking to now may end up being someone else , '' parrish said .	3.400
a woman is peeling shrimp .	a man is squeezing water .	0.200
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	that has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones .	4.750
a creased or bent form	an angular or rounded shape made by folding .	2.750
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	we must be aware today , since we are still in uncertainty , what are the scientific data , what are the measures to be taken .	4.600
a man plays a trumpet .	a man is playing the trumpet .	5.000
shares of coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange .	shares of coke were down 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the new york stock exchange .	1.846
a man is mowing a lawn .	a woman is cutting a lemon .	0.200
do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	4.57142857142857
israeli forces arrest 6 palestinians in overnight west bank raids	israel classifies jerusalem natives as noncitizens	1.00
what are you trying to say ?	wtf are you babbling about ?	4.40
first of all , let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell .	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources .	0.60
a tan puppy being petted .	a tan puppy being held and petted .	4.4
a movement ( physical or abstract ) back from an impact .	a movement back from an impact .	4.6
philippe becomes king of belgium	philippe ascends throne of divided belgium	4
indian rape accused face verdicts	indian rape accused found guilty	3.80
syrian opposition urges eu to send arms to rebels	syrian opposition meets to choose interim pm	1.6
100 killed in new darfur tribal clashes	'9 dead ' in new darfur tribal clash	2.8
a victory liner bus is white with red and gold stripes .	a white tour bus with red , orange and yellow stripes .	3.2
the principal activity that one does to earn money .	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money .	5.000
india is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards ? ?	india ? s new focus on rape shows only the surface of women ? s perils	2.6
woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .	a woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .	5.00
i 've had this same problem .	i had this same problem .	5
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare ?	dodge , change the subject , project what they have been instructed to believe etc ...	0.60
yvette cooper backs gay marriage bill	white house backs gay marriage	2.6
2013 oscar nominations : who got	2013 oscar nods : who got snubbed ?	3
fifty-seven senators , including 24 republicans , have signed the letter .	of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 republicans .	4.923
to them it was good enough .	so that is the end of that .	1.80
sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity .	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity .	3.8
reiterating the calls made by the european parliament in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , what initiatives does the presidency of the european council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the un peace plan ?	as the european parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 march 2000 , that they initiatives will the presidency of the european council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the un peace plan ?	4.600
a crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .	a bunch of people standing next to a car with it 's trunk open .	0.80
the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .	4.000
how can i add a gfci receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles ?	how can i add a gfci breaker on two circuits with a shared neutral without rewiring ?	3
moscow protesters demand vladimir putin 's resignation	moscow protest against vladimir putin smaller and quieter	1.8
a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward .	2.6
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .	4.8
human legs , informal usage	informal terms for the leg .	4.000
a cat is pouncing on a trampoline .	a man is slicing a tomato .	0.000
in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	a possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .	1
the lady cracked two raw eggs .	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	3.200
hospitals and the red cross appealed to blood donors yesterday .	the connecticut hospital association joined the red cross monday in calling for more blood donors .	3.750
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets .	4.25
the battery terminals have different electrical states .	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.60
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek minority in himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation , the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in albania .	5.000
informal usage for a domestic cat , often young	informal terms referring to a domestic cat .	4.250
interesting and sensible	opinionator : back when i was packing	0
u.s. , other nations ground boeing dreamliners over fire risk ( cnn )	u.s. , other nations ground dreamliners	3.6
an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with .	4.6
a brown dog sits on the beach .	a dog running on the beach	2.00
a puppy plays with a plastic container .	the dog is playing with a plastic container .	3.800
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .	a boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .	0.60
a man climbing a cliff face .	a man climbs a sheer cliff face .	4.80
donna summer , queen of disco , dies at 63	donna summer , the queen of disco	3
venezuelan president to visit china	senegalese president to visit china	1.80
chinese stocks open lower wednesday	china stocks open lower friday	2.4
a red double decker bus on a city street .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .	4.8
a woman is drinking vodka .	a woman is exercising .	0.400
two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water .	two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background .	3.2
the other bulb will not light .	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	1.60
it was still on a closed path	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	3.20
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	5.00
the songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .	the company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $ 9.95 .	3.333
a woman is taking a bath .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.538
because the battery runs in a closed circuit .	there is an incomplete circuit	1.60
gps ( wikipedia ) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide .	gps systems can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellites .	3.40
the interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention .	it was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .	0
aiken 's study appears in the sept. 24 issue of the journal of the american medical association .	the findings appear in wednesday 's journal of the american medical association .	3.091
a caress with the lips	the act of caressing with the lips ( or an instance thereof ) .	3.750
besides hampton and newport news , the grant funds water testing in yorktown , king george county , norfolk and virginia beach .	the grant also funds beach testing in king george county , norfolk and virginia beach .	3.000
thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .	thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	5
at least two nato killed in afghanistan helicopter crash : military	at least 18 killed in afghan bomb attacks : officials	0.8
how do i remove paint from a wood floor ?	how can i remove paint from a deck ?	3
a man is fishing .	a man is exercising .	0.500
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the solomons .	mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by commissioner william morrell .	3.750
stanford ( 51-17 ) and rice ( 57-12 ) will play for the national championship tonight .	rice ( 57-12 ) and stanford ( 51-17 ) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. monday .	3.500
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	then we might have been able to avoid a disaster .	4.600
amazon 's bezos to buy the washington post for $ 250 million	amazon 's bezos buys washington post for $ 250-m	4.6
thanks again , for proving my other point while you 're struggling to argue with me and insult me .	thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality .	2.83
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover .	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover .	4.4
are you driving one ?	are you driving a fucking volt ?	2.6
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of .	4.46666666666667
a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness , in other words the amount of money in their possession .	having little money or few possessions ;	0.8
a girl in a riding hat on a horse .	a girl riding a brown horse .	2.6
nytimes : # queens # school is locked down after # gun is found in 7-year-old ? s backpack is there no end ?	gun found in 7-year-old ? s backpack at queens school	4
compel , enforce , or insist on something	compel to behave in a certain way .	3.8
he also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem .	the academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , rosa said .	3.333
sunday times journalist marie colvin killed in syria	sunday times journalist , french photographer 'killed in syria '	2.8
the episcopal church ''is alienating itself from the anglican communion , '' said the very rev . peter karanja , provost of the all saints cathedral , in nairobi .	in nairobi , the provost of all saints cathedral , the very reverend peter karanja , said the us episcopal church was alienating itself from the anglican communion .	5.000
pussy riot member alyokhina released from jail in russia	pussy riot member maria alyokhina freed from jail	4.4
two killed , 19 injured in toronto shooting	two dead , 7 injured in finland shooting	1.4
chinese stocks close higher midday friday	chinese stocks higher at midday friday	4.6
under the u.s. constitution , the other chamber of congress , the house of representatives , does not vote on foreign alliances .	the u.s. house of representatives , the other chamber of congress , does not vote on treaties .	3.200
suicide bomber kills 14 at afghan province council	suicide bomber kills 11 in afghanistan	2.4
i recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle ( recovery included ) .	low reps with high weights do n't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short .	1.00
gusmao consolidates power in east timor elections	gusmao powers on in east timor	3.6
the act of arranging elements together .	the act of fastening things together .	2
a steam engine comes down a train track near trees .	a train is at a train station .	1.4
several dead , 550 injured in argentina train crash	49 feared dead in buenos aires train crash	1.4
no , the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros , after he was convicted of lying to the fbi .	iirc , the sign was erected early on , but was removed as being too obvious .	0.00
i would say you can do it , but it would n't be advised .	i would say it is impossible to know , so do n't risk it .	2
looks like we could get something right	gop balks at gun control proposals	0
two birds are perched on a metal band .	two small birds perched on a metal bar .	4
the flock of sheep are spread out in the field .	a white cat stands on the floor .	0
search ends for missing asylum-seekers	search narrowed for missing man	1.40
the state of being retained	the state of being connected .	1.3
# disney 's new # videogame , via nytimes : video game combines the worlds of disney	media decoder blog : new video game features disney and pixar mash-ups	2.6
florida 's burmese python issue leads to snake killing contest . - ...	florida tackling python problem with hunting contest	4
make out of components ( in an improvising manner )	make out of components ( often in an improvising manner ) .	5.000
3 suspects taken into custody in boston bombing case	boston police say 3 taken into custody in marathon bombing	4.80
a cruise liner docked at the shoreline .	a cruise ship docked at shore .	4.4
a physical entity	a separate and self-contained entity .	2.500
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was sought for murder .	3.600
the act of beginning something new .	the act of ending something .	0.6
ten rescued off waterford , dublin coasts	six rescued after boat capsizes in dublin bay	2.6
the headlights on a blue car .	close up of the headlights on a blue car .	4.2
a connection to the battery	there is a complete circuit	2.17
stimulate sexually ; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation .	4.4
a black train moves down the tracks .	a mostly black train on a track .	3
it is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention .	the task , which is important , however , did not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet .	4.600
a woman is slicing a leek .	a woman is slicing ginger .	2.200
man outsources own job to china	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos	4
sprinters tyson gay and asafa powell test positive for banned substance	us sprinter tyson gay tests positive for banned substance	3.4
coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will get the valuable thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot .	coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will couple with friends on thursdays .	3.000
`` today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin and us president george w bush . ''	`` today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin ( news - web sites ) and president bush ( news - web sites ) . ''	4.600
doha gas blast kills 12 , injures dozens	syria missile kills 26 , including 8 kids	0.60
the act of enumerating or tallying a total	the act of counting ; reciting numbers in ascending order .	2.8
rudd sworn in as new australian pm	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...	0.00
religious fiction is n't that redundant and repetetive ?	is n't that redundant and repetetive ?	3.2
there is a difference in electrical states .	the terminals are not connected	0.80
a monkey is walking through the water .	a guy is playing a trumpet .	0.000
different parts of california have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region .	american black bears they are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of california , mostly in the mountains .	2.00
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok ...	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school .	0.80
syrian arab republic ( the ) : syrian arab republic : syrian refugees ( as of 28 june 2012 )	syrian arab republic ( the ) : more than 70 killed in syria ahead of annan return	1.2
french forces attack al-qaeda 's mali allies	a battle to retake north mali : hundreds of french troops drive back al-qaida-linked rebels	2.6
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to filter the turkish coffee ?	0
as long ago as 1996 the european parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the european union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only .	in 1996 , the european parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the european union , in accordance with the precautionary principle , if only we had listened to .	4.000
us releases initial report on fracking impacts on water	men in china detained after taking girls to hotel	0
the announcements were made at the international broadcasting convention ( ibc ) in amsterdam .	the submission was on monday , but the announcement was made friday at the international broadcasting convention in amsterdam .	3.400
`` saddam is gone , but we want the ( u.s. ) occupation to end , '' said hit resident abu qasim .	`` saddam is gone , but we want the ( u.s. ) occupation to end . ''	3.200
assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task .	5
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting .	0.6
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .	3.6
a man is catching a ball .	a cat is rubbing against a baby .	0.000
y is not needed for bulb a to light	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	1.20
the chelsea defender marcel desailly has been the latest to speak out .	marcel desailly , the france captain and chelsea defender , believes the latter is true .	2.250
allegiant shares rose $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in thursday morning trading on the nasdaq stock market .	allegiant 's stock closed wednesday at $ 23.40 , up 64 cents , in trading on the nasdaq market .	2.000
syria welcomes iran 's nuclear deal	iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	3
relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color .	3.750
body of missing south korean shipping tycoon found in field	sewol ferry disaster : body of south korean shipping tycoon found	4.20
there will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know .	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap .	1.60
kids ca n't trust anyone ! ! `` : 50 arrested in florida child sex sting - including several teachers : ``	teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting	3.8
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	3.60
i be having conversations will cornell west my dear brother .	i be having conversations will cornell west what the hell is this ?	3
mr colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .	neither olaf nor the belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .	2.200
tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest . again .	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule	3.2
`` fighting continued until midnight , '' western rebel commander ousmane coulibaly told reuters by satellite phone on sunday .	`` they ransacked and burned the two villages completely , '' rebel commander ousmane coulibaly told reuters by satellite phone from the bush .	2.800
a young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles .	young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach .	3.8
it is `` previous '' in the sense that it does not take into account any information about b .	it does not take into account any information about b and therefore is considered “ prior ” .	3
hope this is what you are looking for .	is this the kind of thing you 're looking for ?	4
two firefighters killed in new york ambush	two new york firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush	2.6
a car backs out of a space .	a car is taking reverse .	2.400
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program .	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences .	3.2
move or sway in a sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in a sinuous , spiral , or circular course .	4.4
three bomb attacks kill six soldiers , one civilian	school bomb attack kills two in southern thailand	1.00
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the ministry of equal opportunities .	5.000
bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	bangladesh factory owners arrested	3.20
by the time that qin had totally collapsed , xiang yu was china 's hegemon .	the han dynasty came after the qin dyansty , after the government under shi huang di collapsed .	2.00
chinese shares close higher tuesday	chinese stocks close lower thursday	1.60
when christians are extreme its just simply religion .	when muslims are extreme it 's terrorism .	1.6
the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw .	2.6
. kobe just saved about $ 100 mil	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce	1.6
security tightens for thatcher funeral	security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in kenya	0
the market 's broader gauges also posted big gains , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .	the broader market also retreated , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .	3.600
an injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition .	a woman was listed in good condition at memorial 's healthpark campus , he said .	2.200
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am one of the members who are quite honourably here .	4.167
nylon dries fast , is resistant to ripping and tearing , and fairly breathable .	nylon , among other synthetics , is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons .	2.80
the small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .	a small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera .	4
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty .	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .	5
oh friend , i have been down this miserable road just like you .	yes , it is accepted practice to wash new semi-static rope ( or single rope technique/srt rope as it is known by cavers ) .	0.00
a man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza .	a man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .	3.800
mr president , we took a great deal of care over preparing the karamanou report in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .	mr president , the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and internal affairs has prepared carefully the karamanou report .	4.750
the resolution on nice , voted today , does not reflect this .	the resolution about the summit of nice , which has just been voted , does not reflect it .	4.600
( cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .	run at a moderately swift pace .	4.2
pass ( a thread ) through or into , on or as if on a string	thread on or as if on a string .	4.500
the seagull is floating on the water .	large cruise ship floating on the water .	1.2
calls for more egypt protests	death toll from egypt protests rises to 49	1.4
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief ; retract a statement .	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief , usually under pressure .	4.000
`` i wanted to re-commemorate her because i think it is these women who have had an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights their work , '' says bayón .	`` i wanted to the back because i think it is these women who have an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights his work , '' says bayón .	3
two dogs running on the shore .	a white dog running on the beach .	2.40
the new companies will begin trading on nasdaq today under the ticker symbols plmo and psrc .	also as part of the deal , palmsource stock will begin trading on the nasdaq stock market wednesday under the ticker symbol : psrc .	2.750
relief in boston as second suspect captured	police confirm how suspect was captured	2.40
fail or suffer failure	suffer failure , as in some enterprise .	4.000
prepare for/put to action or use	make ready for action or use .	4.4
linda saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges , including extortion , money laundering and conspiracy .	former phipps aides linda saunders and bobby mclamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion .	2.750
hrithik roshan , wife sussanne part ways	hrithik roshan , sussanne to divorce	4.4
a black dog is jumping out of water .	a black dog is shaking off water .	3.00
the questions are many .	there are many questions .	4.800
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the wto .	we speak with a single voice within the wto .	3.200
dell 's openmanage software includes dell update packages with sms to help automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches with a single tool .	the update packages help `` automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches using one tool , '' which is unpleasantly vague .	2.667
soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal .	a soccer player scores a goal .	3.800
a technical stop is for the benefit of the plane .	usually it 's a refuelling stop , and you just sit on the plane .	2.60
time of the season by the zombies we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	joy to the world we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.2
romanian president declared victory	chinese president concludes state visit to denmark	0.6
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	but from the american view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .	5.000
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	mrs maij-weggen 's report ( 5 / 2000 )	2.750
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	3.20
rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade	rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade	1.8
a big turtle is walking .	the tortoise is walking .	4.250
a man is buttering bread .	a woman is ridint a horse .	0.000
druce will face murder charges , conte said .	conte said druce will be charged with murder .	5.000
to make ready , fit out	make ready for action or use .	4
joy to the world we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	the theme song to cheers : we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3
a woman is picking a can .	a woman is slicing a tomato .	1.000
gunmen ambush police boat in nigeria oil region	sudanese police block protest at human rights commission	0
a person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle .	a man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle .	1.2
formally announce the termination of an agreement	announce the termination of , as of treaties .	3.500
the order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .	if a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .	1
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.60
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.20
what was the meaning of `` 21 grams '' ?	what is the meaning of `` $ n industry '' ?	0
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	5.00
the act or event of ending a process , state , situation	the end of a word ( a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme ) .	1.250
war on evil ? war on sociopaths ? banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that war on drugs stuff .	obama gun proposal to look beyond mass shootings	1
that there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	the terminals are in the same state .	4.00
iron lady margaret thatcher dies at 87	former british pm margaret thatcher dies at 87	4.60
over 100 dead as typhoon slams central philippines	at least 100 dead as typhoon batters philippines	5
make an incision or separation	take measures in preparation for .	0
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.6
that was changed in the face of criticism , especially from ireland and france , and a different spin has now been put on it by the british chancellor of the exchequer : it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all , including british lorry drivers .	faced with the criticism , especially those in ireland and france , the british chancellor of the exchequer , gave a different interpretation : it is now a tax for all users , including the british drivers of heavy goods vehicles .	4.600
communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7	communist rebels kill eight philippine police	4
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i find it a little strange to now force the commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a green paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance .	4.400
rescue , redeem , deliver from harm or danger	refrain from harming .	3.400
according to shia muslims specially iran state and hezbollah a country called israel does not exist .	as with the definition of palestine , the definition of israel varies depending on whom you ask .	3.20
a path or object naturally turns or bends in a direction .	form an arch or curve .	3.4675
stones add second hyde park concert	rolling stones add second hyde park date	5.00
a woman is cooking shrimp .	a woman is dancing .	0.800
defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .	defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : they argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .	4.750
a jockey riding a horse .	a jockey riding a horse in a pen .	3.8
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	indeed , it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another , because the definitions used in the member states in all amply sufficient .	3.750
a jockey riding a horse .	a jockey riding a horse in a pen .	3.8
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a restraint that checks the motion of something .	0
united states officials do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapons program has progressed .	hill is the head american negotiator on north korea 's nuclear weapons program .	1.2
colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	lawyers : colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill	4.2
it is gratifying that parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness .	it must be welcomed that the european parliament has succeeded in bringing together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency .	4.000
a person is boiling soup .	a woman is placing eggs into a pan .	0.250
a target is being hit with gun fire .	the target was being shot with bullets .	4.214
i do n't want a president who 'cares ' .	do n't want a president that is compassionate .	4.6
fbi audio expert testifies in zimmerman trial	jury selection begins in zimmerman 's trial	1.40
all those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions .	all those who are currently working on the black market to obtain an employment in decent social conditions .	4.600
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
a woman runs on the beach .	a dog runs across the land .	1.80
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .	europeans of the west , who forgot this history , should take account of our warning statements .	5.000
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of losing someone or something .	0.75
this further aggravated the situation .	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation .	2
as mentioned in the other comments , anova is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables .	i like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching .	0.00
cctv of gunmen in tunisia museum attack	19 killed in tunis museum attack	1
java vulnerability due to incomplete patch ( from )	critical java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	4.6
u.n. security council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in gaza	u.n. security council calls for unconditional cease-fire in gaza	4.80
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
take vows , join or allow to join a religious order	take vows , as in religious order .	4.500
originally posted by jacko !	originally posted by izzy !	1.2
obama is right : africa deserves better leadership	obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general	0
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
we believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .	comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law .	2.667
na president‚äôs message on the world press freedom day	pakistan marks world press freedom day	2.20
gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan	gunmen attack hotel in remote pakistani province	3.20
bbc news : deaths in ukraine and poland in freezing europe weather	ukraine : europe hit by deadly cold snap	3.0174
jacqui weaver tells the ny times : ? i do have friends in australia who now refer to me as ? hollywood jack ? ?	jacki weaver and the lord of greenwich village	1
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing an electric guitar .	3.750
a man is cutting a potato .	a woman is climbing a rock wall .	0.000
how do i replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?	how can i replace the bulb in this ceiling fan ?	2
the most popular is tf-idf weighting .	one of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .	4
`` escape from la crosse '' the preppers next door	the doomsday preppers of new york	1.8
a measurable or quantitative decrease	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity .	3.750
a black train moves down the tracks .	black train idle on the tracks .	2.2
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise was always destined to be laid aside .	you do not even want to incorporate into the treaty , which proves that this text should be put to one side .	4.200
attract ; cause to be enamored by ( one 's ) nature .	matter that has been deposited by some natural process .	0.8
a woman is slicing a pumpkin .	a woman is riding an elephant .	0.400
china on high alert for typhoon kalmaegi	china issues yellow alert for typhoon kalmaegi	4
north korea postpones family reunions with south	north korea 'postpones ' family unions with south korea	5
the u.s. , other western nations and nato condemned the violence .	the u.s. , other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire .	3.6
obama calls for international front against is	obama vows to save iraqis stranded on mountain	0
un aid chief amos enters baba amr with red crescent	syria 's besieged baba amr is deserted , red cross says	2
andy murray deserves knighthood , david cameron says	david cameron : andy murray deserves a knighthood	5
furnish with metal spurs .	furnish with spars .	2.750
fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states , many of whom are on the committee .	he said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states .	3.400
one woman is measuring another woman 's ankle .	a woman measures another woman 's ankle .	5.000
the defense can not appeal roush 's ruling until after the trial .	defense lawyers can not appeal the ruling until after trial , in the appellate courts .	3.400
iran 's rouhani warns of talibanisation in syria	russia , china concerned about israeli airstrikes in syria	1.4
when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to apply the precautionary principle .	when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to implement the precautionary principle .	5.000
saudi arabia gets a seat at the un security council	saudi arabia rejects seat on un security council	2.80
`` i´m very proud of the citizens of this state , '' gov . john baldacci said after votes from tuesday´s referendum were counted .	`` i 'm very proud of the citizens of this state , '' said gov . john baldacci , a casino foe .	3.200
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences .	4.25
ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	5
create an electrical short in something .	have an argument about something .	0
five people standing on a sidewalk	five people on a sidewalk .	4.80
microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .	microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .	4.750
this is a great one ...	this is a difficult one .	1
i do n't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited .	your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today .	3.8
follow the dinero : cuomo raises $ 22.5 million for re-election bid	cuomo raises nearly $ 22.5 million for re-election campaign	4.4
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is linked to the oil production in the country .	5.000
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the ministry of equal opportunities .	4.400
elevated wooden porch of a house	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship .	3.250
4 nato troops killed in afghanistan	eight nato troops killed in afghanistan	2.6
beleaguered telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .	two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .	4.800
two boys on a couch are playing video games .	two boys are playing a video game .	4.000
a successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown .	a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown .	4.750
a figurative position in relation to other positions , as in arguments	a position given by its location to the side of an object .	1.4
a girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse .	a girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .	4
jordan green , the prelate 's private lawyer , said he had no comment .	o'brien 's attorney , jordan green , declined to comment .	3.600
a black dog walking through water .	two black dogs walking through the snow .	2.40
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.60
someone is reading an email .	a man is reading his email .	3.400
( ) brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world . # fagsdoomnations 245 people killed in brazil club fire .	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	1.6
why was the book of thomas left out of the canon ?	why would the addition of more of jesus words be left out of the canon ?	2.6
china is north korea 's closest ally .	north korea is a reclusive state .	1.2
it is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .	it is also called the posterior probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of b .	2
when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to apply the precautionary principle .	when we are confronted with a potential risk , it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice .	4.800
`` what can i say to you ? '' he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .	mr. powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .	2.800
if a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .	if a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .	5
fasten ( as if ) with a rivet or rivets .	create and charge with a task or function .	0
harrowing stories : broken limbs , torn lives in northern # mali	broken limbs , torn lives in mali	4.2
behave violently , as if in a state of great anger ; break or tear violently .	behave violently , as if in state of a great anger .	4.250
the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting .	0.8
explosion at venezuela refinery kills at least 39	venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths	2.8
a yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .	a girl is playing on a swing .	0.40
on july 10 , a team of 32 singaporean police officers was sent to baghdad .	in july 32 singaporean police officers were sent to baghdad to help train iraqi police forces and returned home last month .	3.200
it is in the same closed path .	there is an open path	0.80
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we are proud often here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.500
terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .	in this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .	2
rf fm urges syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in syria	s korea opposition candidate closes poll gap	0.6
2 pro-palestinian activists arrested at b-g airport	dozens of 'flytilla ' activists protest at paris airport	2.2
two women in a clothing store .	two women in a sailboat .	0.8
the government did n't have any thing to do with it .	either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it does n't - pick one .	0.60
how do i troubleshoot my electric oven ?	how do i troubleshoot an electric furnace ?	2
raccoons are eating .	a man is eating .	1.500
the woman is cutting cooked octopus .	a woman is chopping octopus .	3.800
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	a and c are in different paths with the battery	4.60
fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply .	3.8
you already did that - we have a muslim in office right now .	-cryptolutheran no . we have a christian in office right now .	0.8
a double decker red united bus on a city street .	a double decker bus drives on a city street .	4
the act of turning , rotating an object	the act of adding one thing to another .	0
maddox , 87 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery , virginia carnes said .	maddox , who had battled cancer since 1983 , cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery .	3.400
a young boy jumping into a pool that says `` no diving '' .	a boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .	3.20
but do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters ?	i absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters .	3
announcing the selection , kmart ceo julian day said grey will help the retailer `` find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of kmart to the new america consumer . ''	together , we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of kmart to the 'new america ' consumer . ''	3.250
the boy is playing the piano .	a boy plays a piano .	5.000
a man on a bike nest to a river .	a man on a bike does a very high jump .	1.20
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding .	1.8
i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights into the eventual treaty of nice .	i also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the charter of fundamental rights in the future treaty , which will be adopted in nice .	4.400
a bird lands in the water .	a boat floats in the water .	0.60
a man is doing exercise .	a baby is laughing .	0.000
an old woman is shaking hand with a man .	a man and a woman shake hands .	3.750
i wrap steaks individually in freezer paper , then put them into ziploc freezer bags .	wrap well in plastic ( individually ) and then put in a freezer bag .	3.80
the budget analysis comes as negotiations between the city council and the bloomberg administration heat up .	budget negotiations between the mayor and the city council are entering high gear .	3.200
bulb b and c are in a closed path	b and c are in the same path	4.00
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	finally , and this is a most controversial issue , the commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .	4.800
stretch to the utmost , causing stress or injury	alter the shape of ( something ) by stress .	3.2
an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a ( possibly unexpressed ) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building .	a pane of glass in a window ;	0.6
do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	4.57142857142857
you can jump to the moon .	you can read about the case below .	0.50
yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis .	yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal .	1
four versions of windows operating systems are targeted : windows nt , windows 2000 , windows xp and windows server 2003 .	the new worm affects these windows systems : 2000 , xp , nt 4.0 and server 2003 .	3.600
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
military : syria chemical stocks threaten israel	russia tells syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable	1.8
john hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for city auditor don mares .	hickenlooper clobbered city auditor don mares , 46 , in the tuesday runoff .	2.400
new zealand set to legalise gay marriage	new zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	4.6
the money	a voluntary gift ( as of money or service or ideas ) made to some worthwhile cause .	1.000
i do n't think that there 's any .	i do n't think there is any universal term .	3
a tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera .	a man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground .	0.6
battery is not contained i a closed path .	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	3.50
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .	4.2
claim : powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons .	claim : powell claimed that `` unnamed sources '' confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons .	2.40
the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively .	0.4
the woman is putting makeup on the man .	a woman is painting the face of a man .	2.800
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	greek ships ran , without there being the least storm in trimmings , mr gayssot .	2.800
a woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass .	a woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon .	3.600
apple revenue misses again , iphone disappoints	u.s. trade agency rules for samsung , bans iphone 4 imports	0.6
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran .	in addition to these three , roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals , and 53 judges to the united states district courts .	0.60
a woman peels a potato .	a woman is grilling pineapples .	1.000
swartz , indicted in february , had argued that new hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .	swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed , saying new hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .	3.400
in computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .	dynamic programming is a very powerful mathematical technique , often utilised in programming , for solving optimization problems .	4
aftra members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .	aftra , on the other hand , approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent .	4.091
the bulb is not contained in a closed path .	the battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	1.80
a small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass .	a small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing .	0
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .	those who do not know the methods of intensive farming , will perhaps the need for such legislation .	4.000
storm buries northeast ; 16 inches of snow in nj	forum urges stable relations for china , japan	0.00
ankeet chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	ankeet chavan granted bail to get married	4.4
the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something .	0.4
group of people sitting at table with drinks .	four people sitting at a table .	3
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .	4.750
son of top muslim brotherhood leader killed	egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader badie	1.40
like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime .	or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers .	4.2
a black and white dog runs with its mouth open .	a black and white dog swims in blue water .	2.20
lowest employee salary permitted by law	the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay ; determined by contract or by law .	4.8
move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement .	pull , or move with a sudden movement .	4.4
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached .	4.2
a man is talking with a woman .	a woman is walking with a dog .	0.500
the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 , ending at its highest level for 12 months .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .	2.400
'poof ' disappears : just because they do n't show it to you .	do n't want to read and run but i do n't know what to say .	0.80
lovely piece in the nyt on a 40-year marriage , and how their gay son ? s struggle became a unifier	making it last : conservative meets liberal , and 40-year marriage begins	2.25
the people have a right to know ! ''	that 's not the right way to go .	0.08
in the second quarter , anadarko now expects volume of 46 million boe , down from 48 million boe .	production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels .	3.250
two dogs in a yard .	two dogs in a stream .	2.00
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	the battery is in an open path	2.40
authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed sars symptoms dec. 10 .	the scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed sars symptoms , officials said .	4.200
a group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .	a group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats .	3.20
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this .	the great pax europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depends on it .	5.000
french fear new serial killer after murders	jersey murder trial : killer 'hearing voices '	0.8
profiles of egypt 's main presidential candidates	second day of egyptian presidential election	1.2
five dead in pakistan suicide blast	over 120 dead in pakistan factory blaze	0.6
two women sitting in chairs in a shop .	two women are sitting in a cafe .	3
i think it 's just a habit .	i think it 's a bad idea .	1
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers .	a concept of quantity involving zero and units ;	1.6
it got up on his personal radar screen this past week , i 've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive , '' he said .	`` it got up on his personal radar screen in the past week , and i had to get my pitch .	3.400
a person who is demoralized may give up easily .	a defeatist expects to fail , and therefor , either does not try at all or tries in a half-hearted manner .	3.9738
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of starting something .	0.4
miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance of montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent dragan hajdukovic got 4 percent .	a pro-independence radical , miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .	3.000
when the agreement was announced , one would have thought a truly revolutionary step .	when the agreement was announced , a true not revolutionary .	2
an onerous worry or concern	an onerous or difficult concern .	5.000
become widespread as an idea or feeling .	cause to become widely known .	2.750
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it .	5.000
question no 6 by ( h-0886/00 ) :	question no 6 by ( h-0886/00 ) :	5.000
a lion cub tries to climb a fence .	a lion tries to climb over a wall .	2.750
manchester united ticket sales and profit down	manchester united owner malcolm glazer dies at 85	0.60
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained .	the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty .	2.2
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	however , the american courses did not show that a fall of 5,2 % between the 9 and on may 24 .	3.750
sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world .	2.6
four more people arrested over australia 's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	police target illegal tobacco syndicate	2.80
us drone strike kills 11 in pakistan	us drone kills 16 in pakistan	3.20
arsenal v stoke city ‚äď live !	tottenham v manchester city ‚äď live !	2.20
a man on a mountain bike going down an incline .	this is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day .	3.2
a man is cutting grass .	a masked man sings .	0.000
a train sitting on the tracks near a field .	a baby is sitting in the grass .	0
egypt 's interim president appoints 2 advisors	egypt 's interim president swears in new cabinet	2.8
typhoon fitow makes landfall in east china	typhoon fitow slams into southeastern china	3.8
a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something .	0
the terminal is connected to the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.80
programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .	programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan , an algorithm .	4
a woman is applying makeup .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.000
what more can i do to improve my credit score ?	can i pay a collection agency in a way that will improve my credit score ?	3
two coalition crew members were injured in that attack .	in south afghanistan , nato said two coalition service member were killed , one on friday and another on saturday .	2.67
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the report mr cashman 's can be summarised in a few words : the power of people on the tape .	3.000
for your advice guys ! !	for your advice guys ... my	4.80
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color .	4.66666666666667
colombia strike three times	colombia too slick for greece	1.80
hagel laments `` political '' changes to us defence budget	hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending	2.4
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	landon memory from cats we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3
but the fbi never kept tabs on al-bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a saudi agent , the document says .	but the bureau never kept tabs on al-bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret saudi agent , the report says .	4.750
you do n't use the search button much , do you ?	you do n't use the search button at all , do you ?	4.2
snatching or capturing a freely moving object	searching for or buying goods or services .	0.8
the man is eating .	a man is eating food .	4.600
it 's because the right , that party of `` morals '' , do n't have `` low '' standards .	quite simply because they 're pissing on the graves of those who died .	0.20
frum : # us . # gun problem is not a race problem	america 's gun problem is not a race problem	4.6
the federal government 's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left , the white house or cbo .	blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation .	0.40
a man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	a dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .	0.60
hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp .	4.6
schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers .	schools that do n't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers .	2.750
i just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater .	by the wording of the question , i 'm pretty sure you 're using one of those pyramidal graters or a `` sheet '' grater .	1.40
how can i get rid of fleas ?	how do i get rid of fleas on my rabbit ?	3
three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .	three sheep in middle of gravel road .	3.4
a little boy jumping from one chair to another .	a young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house	4.80
you have to define the problem before attempting a solution .	whenever i start reading the same lines over and over again , i start skimming .	0.00
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .	three dogs are running on the grass .	3.20
there is a gap in the circut .	there is a gap in the circuit	5.00
two men wearing bike helmets .	two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop .	1.6
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .	if the conversation is not about work , you know what the answer is to your own question .	2
what is the best way to clean your clothes dryer exhaust ?	what is the best way to clean a grater ?	0
i thought that was mostly just the dutch .	it is mostly just the dutch .	4
someone is beating an egg .	a woman stirs eggs in a bowl .	2.500
highlights of the vice presidential debate	five things to watch in the presidential debate	2.2
two arrests made after protest against nigel farage	kerry vows progress after latest intensive mideast trip	0.00
his position is that it is the individual 's risk to assume .	his position is the way it is currently .	1
a man spins on a surf board .	a man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken .	0.000
a boy takes off his sunglasses .	a boy is screaming .	0.500
if you do n't want to derail the meeting , but the key is to speak up .	the key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen .	1
an object impairs the respiration of someone or something .	an advantage to the benefit of someone or something .	0
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a development which has made heavily dependent on capital loans .	3.600
a spoken or written reply to a question	a statement ( either spoken or written ) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation .	3.750
a white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .	a dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .	1.60
the dow jones industrial average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the nasdaq composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .	on wall street , the dow jones industrial average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the nasdaq composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1 .	1.800
a society fraying at the edges	old tv alignments crack at the edges	0.40
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not .	and , perhaps the most important , the destabilising influence , not then .	2.750
a man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience .	a woman is peeling a potato .	0.000
interesting article on the cnn homepage . `` mickleson has a point on taxes . ''	mickelson has a point on taxes	4.4
bulb a is not on the same path that bulb b and bulb c are .	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	4.80
a woman is adding an egg and stirring .	a woman is mixing an egg in a bowl .	3.500
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .	0.4
a woman is collecting tap water in a mug .	a boy is filling a pitcher with water .	1.400
taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the united nations-affiliated who for seven years , but again was rebuffed march 19 at its annual conference in geneva .	it has sought observer status for seven years , but was again rebuffed may 19 at the annual who conference in geneva .	3.250
officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , '' police officer j.d . tambe told reuters , adding 26 of the dead were women .	officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , '' police official j.d . tambe told reuters .	3.000
i think that france has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step .	i find that france exemplary committed itself to take this step .	4.400
a woman riding a brown horse .	a person dressed in white on a brown horse .	3.2
`` they were tossed around like feathers , '' gordon said .	`` the concrete barriers ( between lanes ) were being tossed around like feathers . ''	3.000
the meeting was scheduled to end wednesday night , with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination 's view on issues but that are not binding on churches .	on wednesday , attendees will vote on resolutions that express the southern baptist view on issues , but are not binding on individual churches .	3.273
death toll from west chinas violence rises to 35	urgent : death toll from ne china fire rises to 112	1.2
a steam engine and train moving toward the camera .	a large bird of prey flying towards the camera .	0.8
lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper .	why do n't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good ?	1.00
couple sailing in a small sailboat .	two men sailing in a small sailboat .	3
tenet has been under scrutiny since november , when former chief executive jeffrey barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest medicare patients .	in november , jeffrey brabakow , the chief executive at the time , said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest medicare patients .	3.750
we never got out of it in the first place !	where does the money come from in the first place ?	0.8
red cross workers released in ukraine	red cross members kidnapped in syria	0.80
allen responds to farrow 's abuse claims in letter	allen defends self against farrow 's abuse claims	4.2
topless women protest against berlusconi as he votes in election	bulgaria president backs protesters , opposes snap elections	0.6
cut into , possibly creating something new .	the act of cracking something .	0.6
according to sunncomm 's peter jacobs , `` mediamax performs exactly as 'advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .	`` mediamax performs exactly as `` advertised '' to the companies who purchased it , '' jacobs said in the statement .	4.222
a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .	a black and white dog looking at the camera .	1
it 's real simple : get the hell out of everybody 's bedroom and start worrying about the economy .	i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy .	0.00
because each bulb has its own complete path	each bulb is in its own path	4.00
god definately does not exist .	god probably does not exist .	2.6
the methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .	the method takes much less time than naive methods .	5
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
the question of time is an incredibly difficult one , which has been treated of philosophers from aristotle to heidegger .	wikipedia , as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium , is not necessarily a definitive account of anything .	0.00
five dead , 40 missing in canada train disaster	40 still missing in canadian train wreck	3.2
the closed path is connected to the light bulb	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	2.40
a small child smiling at the camera .	a cat looking at the camera .	1.4
info miami ’ s design district looks for an upgrade : a proposed $ 312 million renovation is expected to transform t ...	miami ? s design district looks for an upgrade	3.4
enron 's 401 ( k ) plan covered about 20,000 workers , retirees and beneficiaries .	enron 's stock comprised as much as 61 % of the workers ' 401 ( k ) portfolios .	2.500
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of .	4.46666666666667
nato regrets russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .	russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction .	3.8
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of retaining something .	0
because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	4.80
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested	captain of capsized s korean ferry arrested	4
contrary to what peoplesoft management would have you believe , oracle intends to fully support peoplesoft customers and products for many years to come . ''	ellison said that contrary to the contentions of peoplesoft management , oracle intends to `` fully support peoplesoft customers and products '' for many years to come .	4.800
a man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife .	a person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife .	3.750
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .	these human rights violations include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child	4.2
sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .	sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .	4.600
senate to vote on moving ahead on hagel nod	benedict comes home to new house and new pope	0
a black and white cat is high up on tree branches .	black and white lamb with tag in right ear .	0.8
stout previously worked for general electric subsidiary ge capital service inc. , where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer .	stout comes to sprint from ge capital , where he served as chief technology and information officer .	3.200
want , desire or perfer to do something	prefer or wish to do something .	4.6
what should i do with my credit card debt ?	what should my credit limit be ?	2
suicide bombing rocks elite yemen military camp	suicide bombers attack yemen military posts	4
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies , which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level .	4.400
murray ends 77-year wait for british win	murray wins wimbledon title ends britains 77year agony	5
chinese shares close lower wednesday	chinese shares close higher friday	2.2
headlines in major iranian newspapers on oct 4	headlines in several iranian newspapers on oct 19	2
headlines in major iranian newspapers on sept 27	headlines in several iranian newspapers on oct 19	3
the woman is slicing herbs .	the man is slicing bread .	1.600
a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .	a green bike parked outside a book store .	4
the measures could be taken up by the full senate as early as friday .	ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full senate by friday .	4.000
interesting article ! she ’ s ( rarely ) the boss	op-ed columnist : she ? s ( rarely ) the boss	2.75
someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .	the man poured oil on the tomato slices .	3.750
there is a gap in the path .	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	0.40
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .	4.800
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .	grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .	2.33
v ? a supreme court hears argument on the f.c.c . ? s authority to rule on cellphone towers	supreme court hears argument on cellphone towers	3.8
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .	after all , they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration .	4.500
malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	malaysia elections : malaysians vote with power at stake for first time	3.40
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases .	indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent .	3.6
a man is walking in the rain .	a man and woman is walking in the grand .	1.500
two men in a running contest .	dogs in a race .	1.00
the terminals are not connected	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	3.40
the vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .	limitation : there is some limitation of vector space model .	3
nelson mandela memorial service	nelson mandela dies : live coverage	2.4
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .	an influential chinese businessman , who shares his time between hong kong and london , was even more specific .	4.750
the winston-salem , north carolina company opened six stores during the quarter , bringing the total to 282 .	six new krispy kreme stores were opened in the first quarter , bringing the total number of stores to 282 .	3.000
new world trade center declared tallest building in u.s .	one world trade center named tallest us building	4.2
red sox beat tigers to reach world series	red sox beat tigers 5-2 to advance to world series	4.40
a herd of deer are crossing the street .	a herd of caribou are crossing a road .	3.000
islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 pakistani	gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan	2.80
we will pass a milestone this year : the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild	a milestone looms for farm-raised fish	3.4
four killed , scores wounded in clashes across egypt	egypt violence : student killed in clashes at cairo ’ s islamic university	2.2
a boy is playing violin on stage .	a person is mixing a pot .	0.000
mr alibek said : `` our outcomes are very encouraging .	`` our outcomes are very encouraging , '' george mason researcher ken alibek said .	3.800
act of moving or conveying something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0
south korea orders immediate shutdown of 2 nuclear reactors	south korea to boost nuclear power ?	1.2
detainees to be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police .	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnappings and the funding of terrorism .	3.25
polling stations open at ukrainian presidential election	nominations open for e.tv ghana most influential awards	0.20
afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approves new electon law	2.6
change the meaning of ( someone 's ) words with intent to deceive .	make a copy of with the intent to deceive .	2.4
ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	ukraine 's korobka gets four-year doping ban	4.2
a passenger train in the snow .	a passenger train waiting in a station .	2.2
but i would like to say to parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the eu spends just 1 % of gdp and much of that is administered in the member states .	nevertheless , i would like to say to the house this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the european union spends only 1 % of the gdp of the member states and that most of this money is managed in the member states .	4.400
the theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .	it is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .	4
in the first case , i think you do n't need it .	so i do n't think you need to put it on the cover .	1
davey graduated saturday from northwest college , which is affiliated with the assemblies of god , with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy .	davey started attending northwest college , which is affiliated with the assemblies of god , in 1999 with plans to become a minister .	2.250
russia releases greenpeace doctor	russian court releases greenpeace ship doctor on bail	4.20
teen murdered in west bank by israeli military occupation force , activists say -	teen shot in west bank by israeli military , activists say	4.2
my best , kutte my ex-fiance would n't use the va or navy doctor 's .	jay my ex-fiance would n't use the va or navy doctor 's .	3.6
a man is dancing .	a man is speaking .	1.200
the little boy is singing and playing the guitar .	a baby is playing a guitar .	2.800
profiles of kenya 's presidential candidates	italian journalist picked as presidential candidate	1
a man is playing a cello .	a man is rapidly lifting small weights .	0.400
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes .	i find a little strange to want as of now forcing the commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one green paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances .	4.200
`` i think it should have been released years ago , '' said brian rohrbough , whose son , daniel , was killed at columbine .	brian rohrbough , whose son , daniel , was killed at columbine , said the tape raises disturbing issues .	1.750
she had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .	she insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .	4.400
the fourth world aircraft manufacturer , embraer , maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries left , reaffirmed fredrico fleury curado , its chairman .	the fourth largest world aircraft manufacturer , embraer , maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries , re-affirmed fredrico fleury curado , its chairman .	5
three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .	three women in brightly colored dresses .	2.00
a yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky .	the white airplane is flying in the blue sky .	3.2
benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case	menendez faces possible corruption charges	1
build , make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts .	4.8
awful . `` : more than 800 nyc rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes ``	more than 800 nyc rape cases reviewed for mistakes	4.4
recover , return to former state	return to a former condition .	4.250
a little bird floating in the water .	a duck floating in the water .	2.4
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	2.40
a woman and man are riding in a car .	a woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her .	3.400
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something .	0.8
that is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the eu itself is a champion of modernised business practice .	this is a disgrace when we think that the european union is a champion of the modernisation of economic life .	3.600
i guess those are greek tickets ( εισιτηριον ) for excavation sites or museums .	that is indeed greek looks like a ticket to a museum or field .	3.40
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics . these classifications are labeled rank in this frame . the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun .	( biology ) taxonomic group containing one or more families	2.8
brown dog running on grass .	the dog is running on grass .	4.00
a rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit .	a bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny .	4.250
a man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area .	a man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course .	2.20
4 foreign soldiers killed in afghan east	4 french soldiers reported killed in afghanistan	3.8
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	the users will be the losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth will diminish .	4.400
a man is making a bed .	a woman is playing a guitar .	0.000
put up with something or someone unpleasant ; show deference towards someone or some authority .	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	3.750
iconic science fiction writer ray bradbury dies at 91	science fiction legend ray bradbury dead at 91	4.8
regulate or set the time of ( a clock )	billow up in the form of a cloud .	0
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something .	0.6
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again .	0
a kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table .	a small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth .	3.4
south africa police shot dead 30 miners	south africa police say they killed 30+ miners	4.2
nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , `` this attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . ''	`` this attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals , '' raymond said .	3.500
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of ( a body of water ) with a sounding line .	3.750
four children are playing on a trampoline .	four kids are jumping on a trampoline .	4.60
all of the electrical energy comes from the battery .	all of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator .	2.4
chinese court upholds death penalties for mekong murderers	court upholds death sentences for mekong murderers	4.4
if we want to help indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .	if we want to help indonesia , we must speak now with money and concrete action , and not just with words .	4.600
it will also give microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the commission .	among other things , microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response .	4.200
stand with arms or forelegs raised , as of menacing .	stand with arms or forelegs raised , as if menacing .	5.000
a man is driving a car .	a man drives a car .	4.875
gang violence kills 16 in venezuelan prison	sixteen killed in venezuela prison	4.00
pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on syria	pope thanks public for joining his syria vigil	1
a young boy riding a bike on a brick road	a person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .	2.20
a man and a woman are walking in the woods .	a man and woman are walking through the jungle .	3.400
nsfw ? : best obit opening i 've read in a long time . dear abby dies at 94 ?	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	2.8
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully .	0.4
synthax_terror 2 : : `` american taliban '' john walker lindh wins case over muslim group prayer in prison	'american taliban ' wins right to group prayer	3.4
myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will return home late friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a yangon hospital , her personal physician said .	myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said friday .	4.600
provoke someone to do something through ( often exaggerated or false ) promises or persuasion .	provoke someone to do something through ( often false or exaggerated ) promises or persuasion .	5
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction	the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed .	4.750
in the latest top-level shuffle at cnn , teya ryan is leaving her post as general manager of u.s. programming , the network announced .	in cnn 's latest move to rejuvenate ratings , the network has ousted teya ryan , general manager of u.s. programming .	3.769
a woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .	a man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed .	0.40
us believes syria has probably used chemical weapons	us believes syrian government used chemical weapons	4.60
also weighing on the market was news that general motors gm.n planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .	also hurting was news general motors gm.n was to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .	4.750
a skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .	a woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .	0.00
a plane flying at a distance .	a woman with a white horse .	0
four black dogs run across the grass .	a dog runs across the grassy field .	2.00
oh , and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right .	particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right .	4
the government recently shelved peace talks with the milf , being brokered by malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on mindanao .	the government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring malaysia after a spate of attacks on mindanao , including three deadly bombings , that it blamed on the milf .	4.250
israel strikes syria as tensions rise on weapons	air strikes wound civilians in syria 's deraa	1.8
for them , they are books - bills the market to józsefváros , while fabriquaient stamps to kiskunhalas .	for these they obtained invoice books from the market at józsefváros , while the manufactured stamps at kiskunhalas .	3
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook .	woman at table busy with something .	3.4
anti-american protests over film expand to nearly 20 countries	anti-american fury sweeps middle east over film	3.8
we have four versions - one each with solo male or female voices , an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version .	we have four versions - with a song solo male or female , an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version .	5
kerry : $ 4b palestinian economic plan could work	kerry : no deal yet in nuclear talks with iran	0
a page that is linked to by many pages with high pagerank receives a high rank itself .	a link to a page is seen as a vote of support .	1
make images or sounds less sharp	make ( images or sounds ) sharp or sharper .	2.4
china 's peace ark departs for the philippines thursday	china sends aid team to philippines	4.00
google 's investors include prominent vc firms kleiner perkins caufield & byers and sequoia capital , the paper noted .	google 's early stage backers in include california-based stanford university and vc firms kleiner perkins and sequoia capital .	2.800
middle east : israel : hamas leader convicted	middle east : iraq : 17 prisoners escape in kirkuk	0.8
the doctor was helping the patient .	doctors are trying to revive a man .	2.800
the lesson for this parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right .	the lesson must retain this house in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world , in a state of mess , and that we must get down to the task of up .	4.400
the indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks , recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation .	samudra not present in bangkok , the indictment said , but attended a series of meetings before the attacks , recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation .	3.200
france provides the rockets , guns and engines .	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes .	1.8
pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant .	2.4
a woman is dancing with other women .	a woman is shredding chicken .	0.400
the price of crude oil fell by 7 percent to $ 99.80 a barrel . the new york mercantile exchange during sales this morning .	the futures of crude oil , fell by 7 percent to $ 99.80 a barrel . the new york mercantile exchange , in sales of this morning .	4
a style and size of typeset	a specific size and style of type within a type family .	4.500
a man is playing keyboards .	a man is riding a mechanical bull .	1.200
in an e-mail statement to the knoxville news sentinel , shumaker said , ''i am not giving any consideration to resignation .	i am not giving any consideration to resignation , '' shumaker said in a statement .	4.000
he was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .	devries , who was voluntarily castrated in august 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .	4.500
it will also help reform the royal solomon islands police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry from intimidation .	the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry .	3.444
throw a glance at ; take a brief look at or examine hastily .	throw a glance at ; take a brief look at .	5
# twolves fans should read this piece on kg by in the nytimes	either with him or against him	0
because the terminals are in the same state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.00
a person is boiling noodles .	a cat is licking a bottle .	0.000
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument .	4.250
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i am part of members who are not properly present .	3.000
an allotment or percentage of something	an appraisal of the value of something .	1
eu , myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	china no longer top investment destination : poll	1.40
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm . the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity .	relatively large in size or number or extent ; larger than others of its kind ;	1.8
where 's rusty ? red panda vanishes from national zoo	missing red panda returned safely to national zoo	2
lurd 's ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a u.s.-led western peacekeeping force .	the rebels are also calling for the deployment of a u.s.-led peacekeeping force .	3.000
a woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it .	a woman walks her dog onto astro turf .	0.400
how to blackout a large bedroom window on a budget ?	how can i thoroughly blackout a bedroom window on a budget ?	4
a person is adding chili powder to chili with beans .	the man is adding seasoning to the beans .	3.800
under nasd regulations , mr. young can file a response and request a hearing before an nasd panel .	the analyst , already let go by merrill , can request a hearing before a nasd panel .	3.000
someone is slicing an onion .	someoen is peeling a potato .	1.000
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail .	0.6
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
`` it seems to me ... we 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses , '' said gammerman , who heard the case without a jury .	`` leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , '' said gammerman .	3.667
set forth as an introduction or preface	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen .	0
two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .	two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .	0.60
witnesses hear 'loud booms ' at boston marathon	report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon	3
*****nytimes : security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign*****	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign	4.4
a person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway .	a person walks a dog along the water 's edge .	0.2
paris is the capital of france .	lima is the capital of	0.6
`` i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job , '' she said .	cavender did say : `` i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job . ''	3.250
lol looking forward to seeing your built-in 's !	look forward to seeing it !	1.8
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something	have the financial means to do something or buy something .	5.000
a man is playing a harp .	a woman is playing a guitar .	1.600
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .	the economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products .	4.750
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash .	4
the black and white cat is looking up at the camera .	a black and white dog looking at the camera .	2.2
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , we must say 'no ' to the concept which bang would admit that at the same time an important group of countries , because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits .	4.200
the commission estimated california lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .	california 's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters .	2.800
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force .	3.8
i think it 's fine to ask this question .	i think it is okay to ask the question .	5
12 killed in bus accident in pakistan	10 killed in road accident in nw pakistan	3.2
when i first saw this sing guy on the subway , i thought he needed an article . and nyt has delivered !	in the subways , geechee dan ? s voice stirs the soul	2.6
turkish pm urges to end protests in istanbul	turkish police fire teargas at protesters in istanbul	2.8
. ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent .	. ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified european continent .	5.000
a group of men playing brass instruments .	a group of guys play instruments outside .	3.40
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended the deadline to oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .	republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended it to oct. 17 .	4.750
review : facebook 's graph search not v. useful - cnn `` only two of my 526 friends like cats '' ... say no more	review : facebook 's graph search is not very useful	3.8
reverse the winding or twisting of ; separate the tangles of .	reverse the winding or twisting of .	4.000
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	2.20
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we create a clear framework and binding on the member states , the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test .	4.600
weird , just the voice ? `` : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged. ``	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4
last year he was wanted for murder .	last year it was required for murder .	3.800
take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force .	4.333
results from no . 2 u.s. soft drink maker pepsico inc. ( nyse : pep - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .	wall street was also waiting for aluminum maker alcoa inc. ( nyse : pep - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .	2.000
quotations in the news	quotations of the day	3.20
jeff bezos bets $ 250 million on reviving washington post	jeff bezos pays $ 250 million for the washington post	4.2
glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .	about 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference .	3.200
have a logical result	have as a logical consequence .	4.750
6.2 magnitude quake jolts sarangani	4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts sw china	2
shares of mcdonald 's corp. and wendy 's international inc. continued a modest run-up on the new york stock exchange monday .	shares of mcdonald 's and wendy 's continued their recent recovery monday , rising more than 1 percent on the new york stock exchange in afternoon trade .	3.200
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated .	the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul .	3.60
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance	the activity of managing or exerting control over something .	3.6
conan o'brien at the white house correspondents ' dinner	obama and o'brien cast their versions of d.c. white house correspondents ' dinner	3.60
a girl is riding a horse .	the girl trotted the horse .	4.500
secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .	generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .	1
fifty-seven senators , including 24 republicans , have signed the letter .	of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 republicans .	5.000
a man is paddling a canoe .	a man is playing a harp .	0.667
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line finances clearance programmes and of prevention since years .	3.000
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only a month before , muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were `` futile . ''	4.250
a man is putting broccoli into water .	a person is peeling a potato .	1.000
romney , obama fight for edge on medicare	obama , romney compete for undecideds , stoke base	1
an electrical connection between conductor and earth	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body , such as the earth ( which is taken to be at zero voltage ) .	4.250
it is impossible to answer this question without a form check .	it is difficult , if not impossible , to give a complete answer to this question .	2
a young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .	a dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .	0.80
a young child is riding a horse .	a child is riding a horse .	4.750
( the act of making ) a measurement of something .	the state of being unsure of something .	0.4
a squirrel runs around in circles .	a squirrel is moving in circles .	4.400
the differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .	the way that a 'term ' is defined depends on the application .	5
bulb a and b are still contained within closed paths	bulbs a and b are in a closed path	5.00
bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , mahendradatta told reuters .	bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law , he added .	4.000
because there is a bulb in one of the paths .	there is no closed path containing the battery	1.40
advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the new york stock exchange .	declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the new york stock exchange .	2.200
tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct	4.20
# youth : the wants to know : `` does # facebook ever make you feel l-o-u-s-y ? '' share here	the learning network blog : student opinion | does facebook ever make you feel bad ?	3.8
make a hole with a pointed tool	make a hole , especially with a pointed power or hand tool .	4.000
how do i pump up water pressure in my shower ?	how can i boost the water pressure in my shower ?	5
brahimi apologises to syria over lack of peace progress	mediator apologizes to syrians for lack of peace progress	3.80
with this film garci does not expect to win any prizes .	with this film garci does not expect a price .	3
the act of changing course or twisting oneself .	the act of indicating or pointing out by name .	0
ri condemns use of chemical weapons in syria	questions arise over chemical weapons claims in syria	2.6
piers morgan questioned by police	piers morgan interviewed by police in hacking case	3.6
for the trillionth time , i 've never said rehabilitation does n't work .	the point you quote should say `` i never said rehabilitation could never work . ''	3.4
ground/home deliver tues thru sat ...	they did n't even have a train station ...	0.00
guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	guatemala 's former leader found guilty of genocide	5.00
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another .	3.4
the woman was hospitalized june 15 , kansas health officials said .	missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering .	1.000
a man is putting garlic on some bread slices .	a man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread .	2.000
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we can not know the position of the commission in the matter of public access to documents in reading the commission has that has been postponed , on 11 october , the officials of the commission in order to explain the way in which they had to deal with the requests in this regard access to documents .	4.200
jerry sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	3.8
women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .	australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy .	4.250
a little girl is playing a grand piano on stage .	a little girl is playing the piano .	2.600
and this unemployment bill ?	about the unemployment bill ?	4.60
a squirrel is spinning around in circles .	a squirrel runs around in circles .	4.000
nytimes : # leishmaniasis : a # genetic link found in far-flung victims of a lethal form of a parasitic disease	global update : a genetic link found for victims of lethal form of leishmaniasis	4.2
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow .	a dog is jumping in the snow .	3.20
many dead as asylum boat sinks off australia	mandela spends third day in hospital	0.00
north korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle	north korean intrigue : the execution of power	2.60
gunmen surround libya 's foreign ministry to push demands	gunmen surround libyan foreign ministry to push demands	5.00
because there was two negative connections	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	1.40
the point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter .	your pile will compost without turning it , but it goes faster if you turn it .	2.40
tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	0.8
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it happening in trial on 8 january . he is accused of taking part in a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , what to do deny it .	3.800
a girl is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	2.800
consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , europe will lose competitive strength and growth .	users will be the losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth régresseront .	4.000
a man is playing the piano .	someone is playing guitar .	0.750
a woman is bathing into bath-tub .	a woman is taking a bath .	4.400
defiant mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile ' west	mugabe sworn in for another term	4
islamists still holding some 30 hostages as kenya mall standoff continues	death toll rises as kenya mall siege continues	3.20
a woman riding a brown horse .	a girl riding a brown horse .	4
a few points to add here : coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans .	in general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans .	3.20
police helicopter crashes into pub in glasgow - several casualties	helicopter crashes into roof of glasgow club	4.00
strong new quake hits shattered pak region	powerful new earthquake hits shattered pakistan region	5.00
if it was n't a life , then it would not be able to be born .	if it was n't alive , then it would miscarriage on it 's own .	3
bulb a and switch y are not in the same path .	switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	5.00
korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory .	korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes .	3.2
reach or cause to reach the highest point , best something	an act ( or failure to act ) that disappoints someone .	0.2
the company claims it 's the largest single apple var xserve sale to date .	the company claimed it is the largest sale of xserves by an apple retailer .	5.000
fishing-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line .	3.2
houston texans head coach gary kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game	texans coach gary kubiak in stable condition after collapse	2.8
how can i find out why my washing machine trips the outlet ?	how can i figure out why my washing machine is tripping the gfci receptacle ?	4
messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of thursday morning .	messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , has labeled the worm `` high risk '' and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries .	2.750
cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort .	4
perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .	since then , texas gov . rick perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through .	3.500
the state of being retained	the state of being rejected .	0.6
the girl is slicing an onion .	a woman is chopping an onion into small pieces .	2.200
martin , 58 , will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old fred barras .	martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of barras and for wounding fearon .	3.000
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was no more qualified majority voting in this parliament to come back to article 272 .	5.000
the murky waters of the south china sea	peace lies over the south china sea	1.4
jal 's first order from airbus is blow to boeing	japan airlines orders 31 airbus a350s valued at $ 9.5 bn	3.00
put or set into , between or among	put or introduce into something .	2.8
us drone strike kills four in north waziristan	u.s. drone strike kills 10 in northwest pakistan : officials	1.8
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	5.00
the cause or instigation of something	the end or completion of something .	0
a woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .	a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .	4.40
that 's not the moloch scene , though .	this is the moloch scene .	2.4
the cows feed in the trough .	the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .	4
besides battling its sales slump , siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed .	besides a sales slump , siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls .	3.800
what is the best way to toast pecans ?	what 's the best way to store asparagus ?	0
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this rule can apply to all drugs récréationnelles provided that the consumer but dangerous drugs is the only to run risks .	3.200
there must be a balance as a whole .	the together must be in balance .	3.750
and i am telling you loud and clear : kostunica must be given his chance here and i therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months , but meanwhile , i do want the introduction of those two new budget lines , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompanied by political conditions , both from a political and budgetary perspective .	and i would say to you very clearly : it must be given a chance to kostunica , and i therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months ; but in the meantime , i hope , however , that , in political terms and in budgetary terms , the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines , namely democratisation and reconstruction .	4.400
russia condemns north korean nuclear test	south korea confirms that north korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test	1.2
discipline in personal or social activities .	discipline in personal and social activities .	5.000
hushen 300 index closes higher -- oct. 14	hushen 300 index closes lower -- march 12	2
ukraine protest leaders name ministers , russian troops on alert	ukraine refuses to act against russian 'provocation '	1.20
libya postpones assembly election to july 7	libya postpones landmark election to july 7	4
a dog is running in the snow .	two dogs running in the dirt	2.20
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is singing and playing a guitar .	3.600
bending the steakhouse rules # food # eatingout	restaurant review : arlington club on the upper east side	0.8
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia 's security interests .	the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation 's security interests .	3.6
a cat cleans itself .	a cat is licking itself .	3.800
it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had the option of signing on google 's services .	it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had been using google 's advertising services .	4.000
at feira , the council considered those countries participating in the stabilisation and association process as potential applicants for membership of the european union .	in feira , he recognized the quality of potential candidates to adhesion with the countries taking part in the stabilisation process and of association .	3.600
china detains city workers after fruit seller dies	napthine takes the reins after baillieu 's leadership crumbles	0
iran condemns alleged israeli airstrike on syria	democrats face divide over a strike on syria	1.20
the sale price manufacturers to export rose by 1.1 percent compared to those of july 2008 , as compared to those of a year ago , they fell by 3.9 percent .	the industrial export sale price rose by 1.1 percent compared to july 2008 , while if compared to those of a year ago , it fell by 3.9 percent .	4
the foremost part of something	the first part or section of something .	4
in april , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .	kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .	1.000
brendsel and chief financial officer vaughn clarke resigned june 9 .	the company 's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned .	2.600
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .	a girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle .	1.2
( baseball ) tag the base runner to get him out .	tag the base runner to get him out .	4.6
the truth about publicity ... bad publicity does exist . # pr # media	maybe there is such a thing as bad publicity	4
a blue bird perched on a gloved hand .	a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .	4.4
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap	2.80
six democrats are vying to succeed jacques and have qualified for the feb. 3 primary ballot .	six democrats and two republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the feb. 3 primary ballot .	3.400
according to the census bureau , the hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the april 2000 census figures .	the hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the april 2000 census figures , despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s .	3.333
the operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .	operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .	5.000
'taliban ' is plural , but that is apparently too esoteric for cnn or any other journalists : .	'american taliban ' wins right to group prayer	1.2
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is appropriate that the european union is and what it implies does it quickly .	4.500
how do i remove paint from a wood floor ?	how can i remove small paint specks from a wooden floor ?	4
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam .	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within islam .	5.000
there are two ways to start with : plunging and dripping .	there are two traditional ways to bend wood :	0
a switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb .	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	4.20
facilitator : show me the smart child .	facilitator : and why is she the dumb child ?	1
lance armstrong confesses all to oprah	lance armstrong confesses to doping in oprah interview	4.2
in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .	in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .	4.000
a submarine is going through water .	a baby is falling asleep .	0.000
other ways are needed .	other means should be found .	4.600
it 's all in her head .	it 's all about adhesion .	0
north korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles	4
kaepernick backs harbaugh 's gamble with playoff win	kaepernick responds to harbaugh ? s gamble with resounding performance	4
snowden 's father arrives in moscow	edward snowden 's father in moscow	4.2
the act of choosing , picking one among many	the act of choosing or selecting .	4.250
rewrite in a different script .	extend in a different direction .	0.2
armstrong 's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true .	for armstrong , a confession without explanation	2.4
bulb c and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	bulb c was no longer in a closed path with the battery	3.60
i have heard the phrase `` gal pal '' used in this way .	personally i typically use `` guy friends '' and `` lady friends '' to avoid the relationship connotation .	3.8025
declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective .	take away the legal force of or render ineffective .	4.2
opinionator : misconceptions ( linda greenhouse )	opinionator : misconceptions about roe v. wade	2.6
connect or fasten into a chain by linking	connect or arrange into a chain by linking .	4.750
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon .	4.250
taking aim # stopgunviolence # congress # nra	obama , gun policy and the n.r.a .	1.6
mandela released from hospital	israeli president released from hospital	1.2
the monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .	the arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .	4.000
because voltage measures the difference between two points	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.40
we in britain think differently to americans .	originally posted by zaf we in britain think differently to americans .	4
neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the north korean problem , wolfowitz said .	indeed , wolfowitz admitted saturday that neither military action nor `` large scale bribery '' would solve the issue .	3.000
how wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are '	wind farm developers using 'tricks ' to make turbines look smaller	4.4
i hate bloated spending .	didnt want to read and run..	0.00
but the prime minister told the bbc he was n't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right .	he said he was n't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .	3.400
utter in a certain way	react to in a certain way .	1.2
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law .	afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan .	1.6
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .	that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .	4.20
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i wish to take the protection of workers of this sector .	4.250
israel 's peres urges return to peace talks	israel 's peres calls for return to peace talks	5
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .	it was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies .	5.000
other possible uses for vector space models are indexing and also to rank the relevancy of differing documents .	in this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .	1
'large and extremely dangerous ' tornado heads towards oklahoma city	mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake oklahoma city area	1.6
white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetches record $ 34m at hk auction	4
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	3.80
michelle wie chips sunday during her 1-up victory over virada nirapathpongporn in the 27th u.s. women 's amateur public links championship .	now she has her first trophy after victory in the us women 's amateur public links here on sunday .	2.750
beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns	1
a closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on .	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	2.00
exercise or have power of memory	exercise , or have the power of , memory .	5.000
a woman is doing a joker make up on a man .	the girl applied face makeup to a man .	1.800
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we keep unanimity in the council and thus a latent failure to act .	3.250
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	provide ( movies ) with a soundtrack of a foreign language .	3.4
protest against us drone strikes in pak postponed	6 killed in u.s. drone strike in nw pakistan	1.4
how long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?	how long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid ?	3
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a development which made them dependent on the borrowed capital .	4.200
the selection of a lottery winner	the last section of a communication .	0
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	the future of iraq is related to the oil production of the country .	5.000
committee nears final big immigration decisions	senate judiciary committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill	3.4
compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure .	2.8
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target .	having strength or power greater than average or expected ;	1.4
a brown dog wades in the water .	a dog splashes in the murky water .	3.60
< shrug > what 's a person to do ?	grrrr what the heck do i do ?	4.17
knox county health department is following national centers for disease control and prevention protocol to contain infection .	the health department spokesperson added the department is following centers for disease control protocol .	3.000
convicted in thailand of *implying* an insult to the king . ? there was no mention of the king ? s name in the speech . ?	in thailand , a broader definition of insulting royalty	2.5
a person is riding a horse .	a woman is slicing potatoes .	0.000
treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .	the treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .	4.400
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .	4.750
remarks by the president at the white house science fair	the presidential planner - the white house science fair	2.8
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .	0.800
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 .	4.4
neither iowa state athletic director bruce van de velde nor morgan could be reached for comment .	iowa state athletic director bruce van de velde would not confirm an offer was made to lebo .	2.800
a woman is cutting a squash .	a woman is cutting big pepper .	2.200
a dog leaps off a dock and into the water .	the black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .	4.00
a man is playing a flute .	a dog is barking at a fly .	0.000
israel vows to deny hezbollah after air strike	car bomb kills four in hezbollah beirut bastion : minister	0.6
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain .	4
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line is funding programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years .	3.800
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits new zealand	5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes iran	0.2
a black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball .	a brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .	2.20
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us can organize itself to fifteen in order to be able to accomodate under right conditions the countries which strike with our door .	3.800
it probably depends on the cut of meat .	it depends on the meat and how it 's cut .	4
but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .	but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .	4.000
the man is using a camera to hammer a nail .	someone is banging a camera lense against a nail .	2.600
statement by the spokesperson of high representative catherine ashton on the latest spate of attacks in iraq	statement by the spokesperson of the eu high representative , catherine ashton , on the resumption of executions in iraq	3.2
anatomical shape of the body of a being , physique	alternative names for the body of a human being .	2.4
other ways are needed .	we must find other ways .	4.400
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	terminals 1 and 2 are connected	3.40
the human element you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?	you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?	4
an accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months .	5.000
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	you may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .	0
president bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 americans , the president 's campaign chairman said tuesday .	president bush has raised $ 83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in may , and has $ 70 million of that left to spend , his campaign said tuesday .	2.400
cryptic crossword - saturday 27th april	quiz crossword - saturday 27th april	2.8
kim jong-un executed his 'worse than a dog ' uncle	nkorea executes kim jong un ' uncle	3.50
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of attaching or affixing something .	1.4
i do n't want a president who 'cares ' .	i do n't want a president who is charasmatic .	1
faction names bianca ojukwu apga national leader	bianca ojukwu becomes apga national leader	4.2
an infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy .	a boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler .	2.20
a man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie .	motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car .	4
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we have started to have exchanges on this issue , where it emerges that all the member states want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement .	5.000
un presses need for major boost in syrian aid	un chief presses for major boost in syrian aid	4.8
palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	israel to free palestinian hunger striker	2
dirt can mean pretty much anything , from good to poor quality soil .	use coco peat - it 's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is eco-friendly .	1.00
agribusiness : mad cow disease found in california	usda confirms case of mad cow disease in california	4.2
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .	abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community .	1.2
how can i get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?	how can i get my colleague to stop calling me over to his desk when he wants my help ?	4
clinton ready to fight for obama	clinton a tough act for obama to follow	1
the swedish central bank was also meeting on wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on thursday .	the swedish central bank , also meeting on wednesday , is widely expected to announce a cut on thursday of as much as half a percentage point .	3.200
how to apply for a schengen visa ?	is it possible to get a schengen visa for future date ?	2
two trains inside a train station .	the train sits at the train station .	2.4
a cat rapidly swats a kid in the head .	a cat and a boy play together .	2.600
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	one can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself .	4.667
you should do it .	you should do what it says .	3
our justice system is rotten to the core , so what are we going to do about it ?	do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago ?	0.00
a man is speaking .	a man is spitting .	0.636
this is no time for the faint-hearted .	that is not the time to take hesitant .	4.200
any woman that wants birth control can get it .	any woman that wants and abortion can get one .	1.6
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us hold to fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the right conditions which countries knocking at our door .	3.800
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	1.60
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .	the nasdaq composite index .ixic was off 6.52 points , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .	0.800
why does n't my cat lick me ?	why does n't my cat like being held ?	1
a europe for all	europe for all	5.000
the upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .	they say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance .	5.000
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature . the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer 's subjective standard of comfort .	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;	1.2
it is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services , will last .	the safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure .	4.400
7 soldiers killed , 56 injured in pkk attack in eastern turkey	3 killed , 14 injured in attacks in iraq	0.4
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .	contribute to the progress or growth of .	4.2
nobel author doris lessing dies at 94	nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94	5.00
the french presidency thanks you , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , for this cooperation , for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us .	for this cooperation , for your support and also for your reception , madam president , ladies and gentlemen of the european parliament , the french presidency thanks you .	4.800
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	faced with these realities , the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential .	4.800
china stocks open higher monday	china stocks close lower on thursday	1.00
a white cat standing on a carpet .	a sheep standing in a forest .	0.4
hong kong stocks end higher	indian stocks open higher	0.60
( cause to ) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known .	1
a europe for all	a europe for all	4.714
tribal lessons -'the world until yesterday '	? the world until yesterday , ? by jared diamond	2.8
make fine adjustments to for optimal operation ; adjust to a certain scale .	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring .	5.000
toyland by johnny mathis we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	eye of the tiger we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.2
then he is not omnipotent .	then he is malevolent .	1.4
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take .	4.500
that made them heavily dependent on loans .	a policy which has been strongly capital .	1.400
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but the interest of america for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy .	5.000
gunmen kidnap airline pilots in lebanon	gunmen kidnap 2 turkish airlines pilots in lebanon	4.2
there was no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 2 .	terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	1.33333333333333
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent .	the gay and other practical `` modern '' are rejected , laws .	4.500
the man erased what the other man had on the board .	the man erased the work on the board .	3.000
covering for a bed	decorative cover for a bed .	4.333
super typhoon haiyan , strongest of season , slams the philippines	super typhoon haiyan closes in on the philippines	3.40
i think the red x means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong .	there is a short circuit	0.00
construct an optimal solution from computed values .	use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .	4
the attery is not in a closed path	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	3.60
it 's true that , under one understanding of `` accessibility '' and `` determining '' , your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms .	accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you 're working within .	3.80
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing guitar .	2.167
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .	beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur locally .	4.000
indian air force to buy 126 rafale fighter jets	india awards dassault $ 12 billion contract to replenish ageing air force	3.4675
parsing what jodie foster did ( and did n't ) say got ta be honest : i had not idea what she was saying . # goldenglobes	the carpetbagger : parsing what jodie foster did ( and did n't say )	4
a partial denture	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth .	3.000
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor 's degree	a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor 's degree .	4.6
peoplesoft will commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares , the companies said .	the new deal would be valued at $ 1.75 billion , including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million peoplesoft shares .	3.000
asiana jet crash lands at san francisco airport	plane crash lands at san francisco airport	3.6
preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things .	in fact , you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you do n't care about preserving meaning .	3.00
a man is playing on a guitar and singing .	a woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing .	2.200
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0
a woman is slicing fruit .	two women are slicing some lemons .	2.000
morsi 's supporters reject plan	morsi supporters march in egypt	2.40
luggage compartment of a car	british term for the luggage compartment in a car .	2.500
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say a few words on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be passed .	mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall , of course , be voting .	4.200
coat , cover , or treat the surface of	put a coat on ; cover the surface of ; furnish with a surface .	4.500
a man puts three pieces of meat into a pan .	a man is putting meat in a pan .	4.000
a woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .	a girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .	3.60
a black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence .	a black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .	4.5
to catch in or as if in a trap ; immobilize	catch in or as if in a trap .	4.6
operating or traveling via a vehicle	travel or be transported in a vehicle .	4
arrangement	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements .	2.000
the only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-eu country and the recipient is in a member state of the eu .	the only case for which no tax is still seen is that of a provision in the european community from a third country .	3.800
admit to testing/proof	admit to testing or proof .	5.000
a young girl smiling with her head upside down	a girl poses with her head upside down .	4.60
a woman is peeling a potato .	a lion is walking around .	0.000
cover with a primer base	cover with a primer ; apply a primer to .	4.6
`` we know how to take a step back , '' said marcell jansen .	`` i did n't go out of my area '' favre said about all his passes to coles .	0
how do you know what 's right and wrong ?	how do you know which story is the right one ?	2.2
graves reported from albuquerque , villafranca from austin and ratcliffe from laredo .	pete slover reported from laredo and gromer jeffers from albuquerque .	1.250
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest pakistan	12 killed in u.s. drone strike in nw pakistan	0.8
it will locate the gap .	a non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .	0.20
i call on prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant our request and to ensure , together with our house , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past .	i invite prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow up and to ensure that , together with this house , these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned .	4.800
a vehicle race on public roads	an automobile race run over public roads .	4.8
because bulb c was in an open path	bulb c was not in a closed path	4.60
the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.4
one dead in philadelphia building collapse , others pulled from rubble	six confirmed dead after philadelphia building collapse	3.20
a man is walking outside .	a man is dancing .	0.750
it was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .	for the third time in four years wildfires closed mesa verde national park , the country ’ s only park dedicated to ancient ruins .	3.000
an overweight man is skipping rope .	a young man is dancing .	0.800
a man makes a call on a cell phone .	a man is making a phone call .	4.000
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits .	secondly , we must say 'no ' to the big bang concept which would admit that at the same time , a large group of countries , because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits .	3.800
us believes syrian government used chemical weapons	us suspects syria used chemical weapons	5.00
international rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in iran 's shattered ancient silk road city of bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people .	international rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in iran 's ancient silk road city of bam yesterday .	3.000
entreat ; ask for some information or action .	the act of passing something to another person .	0.75
on hillary clinton 's fp approach	iht rendezvous : the clinton doctrine of american foreign policy	2.2
will president obama 's gun proposals work ? recalling pain , mayors urge bills ? passage	recalling pain of guns ? toll , mayors urge bills ? passage	2.4
algerian government parties dominate elections	algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct	2.4
a cat is playing a piano .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.600
the pca ( format used by the company and its apple ipods taken from them ) , meanwhile , is less course .	aac ( the format used by apple and its ipods ) , meanwhile , is less current .	1
det chief insp norman mckinlay said there was `` evidence a body or bodies have been in this area '' .	detective chief inspector norman mckinlay , leading the investigation , said : `` there is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .	4.500
a climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .	the children are running in the snow with fences in the background .	0.00
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded .	0.6
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something .	4.500
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain .	4.6
downstream at mount vernon , the skagit river was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , burke said .	the skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at mount vernon , 10 feet above flood stage , the national weather service said .	3.000
weak earnings drag us stocks lower in early trade	weak earnings drag stocks lower on wall street	3.8
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the protection of workers in this sector .	4.500
( cause to ) to turn to the left side .	turn or go to the port or left side , of a ship .	2.250
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke .	5.000
a girl makes up her bed .	a young girl makes her bed .	4.400
rimsha masih released on bail	mandela released from hospital	0
a woman is slicing big pepper .	a man is playing an instrument .	0.000
syria 's pm escapes assassination try , regime says	syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt	4
he projected vanderpool will be available within the next five years .	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .	4.400
critical gates memoir rocks obama administration	gates blast rocks obama administration	4
sarkozy announces re-election bid	france 's nicolas sarkozy makes his reelection bid official	4.2
`` france is increasing security at sites in # niger and at home . '' # uranium # mali	france is increasing security at uranium sites in niger	4.6
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i would ask you , on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries and in my own name , to send a message of condolence on the part of parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of brittany as marín , city of galicia , where originating from most of the victims .	4.800
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	that is why i also believe that this reconciliation can take ; however , the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems , needs visible signs of success and a strong support , otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole .	4.600
eight bottles of harp lager lined up on the floor .	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor .	4
anything illusory , not concrete or real	something with no concrete substance .	3.750
rt jones analyst juli niemann said grant was `` the one we were all pulling for .	he has a very good reputation , '' rt jones analyst juli niemann said of grant .	1.400
a dog in a `` superman '' shirt sleeps on a blanket .	a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .	4.00
quartermass has not given opinion in that last post , namvet .	this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years .	0.00
a girl is eating a cupcake .	a woman is eating a cupcake .	2.600
a person is cutting some burrata cheese .	the person is slicing cheese .	3.800
iraq violence kills 11	iraq violence kills seven	2.2
worth reading for the column excerpts : pauline phillips , dear abby , dies at 94	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	4.6
britain to auction 250 mhz for high speed mobile -	britain set to join high-speed mobile party	3
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something .	2.2
richard miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant , but his wife has recovered .	richard miller , 57 , survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized .	3.200
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is playing the guitar .	2.750
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient .	0.4
well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .	the anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the theatre national under the direction of jirˇí beˇlohlávek .	1
heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding	3
suicide bomber attacks algerian security base	suicide bomber targets nigerian church	0.8
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .	5.000
the standard & poor 's 500 index slipped 4.77 , or 0.5 percent , to 929.62 .	the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx shed 0.17 of a point , or just 0.02 percent , to 934 .	2.500
two brown horses standing in grassy field .	brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .	3
two dogs running through a field .	two dogs play in a field .	4.20
china sets bo xilai trial date	china bo xilai trial in fourth day	3.20
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	this is the position defended by the rapporteur and by the popular party .	4.400
that took the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr down 9/32 , its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on thursday .	that saw the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr slip 5/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on thursday .	3.417
obama struggles to soothe saudi fears as iran talks resume	myanmar struggles to finalize voter lists for sunday polls	0
b and c are not in the same circuit as a .	each bulb is in its own path	1.00
a man is peeling a banana .	a woman is peeling a potato .	1.400
provide with a toggle	provide with a toggle or toggles .	4.750
the act of applying paint to a surface	the act of flipping a coin .	0
this led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram cancuen altar , announced on wednesday by the vanderbilt university in nashville and the national geographic society .	this led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound cancun altar , vanderbilt university in nashville and the national geographic society announced wednesday .	3.250
u.s. recognizes syrian opposition	russia invites syrian opposition for talks	2
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one .	3.500
( cause to ) burst or open , usually with a sharp sound	burst open with a sharp , explosive sound .	4.8
strong new quake hits shattered pak region	powerful new earthquake hits shattered pakistan region	4.8
terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	5.00
the act of creating written works .	the activity of putting something in written form .	4.6
a girl is dragged downhill by a dog .	a dog is pulling a child down a hill .	3.800
three children wrestle on a floral carpet .	three children playing on the floor .	3.80
if any bulb is out , it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery .	each bulb is in its own path	1.40
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it depends on what and where you are going to do .	4
the center 's president , joseph torsella , was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance .	national constitution center president joseph torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees .	3.333
two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera .	two sheep are standing , looking at the camera , face opposite directions .	2
well , at least we know the slides work now .	boeing 787s are grounded by japanese airlines	0
every thursday , a grains management committee meets in the commission 's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .	a grains management committee normally meets each thursday in the commission 's agriculture unit -- another target of wednesday 's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .	3.600
because there was a positive and negative connection	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	2.00
those refused medical cards urged to contact hse	hse boss defends medical-card plan	1.20
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .	4.000
colorado governor visits school shooting victim	colorado governor visits school shooting victim	5.00
a discipline , a branch of knowledge	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings .	2.250
a man is cutting apple by his hand .	a man is cutting carpet with a knife .	1.500
a man is slicing open a fish .	a man is cutting up a fish .	4.400
annan , un chief call on security council to act on syria	russia , china veto un security council resolution on syria	1.8
how can i get rid of fleas ?	how can i get rid of fleas in my crawlspace forever ?	3
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , too , seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime .	4.500
i do n't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work .	i do n't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder .	3.40
aristotle did n't put the world at the center of the universe per se .	why did aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe ?	2.80
her lawyer donald levine told the telegraph she had been offered $ us250,000 to tell her story exclusively to australian tv .	mr levine said she had been offered $ 400,000 to tell her story to an australian tv network .	3.750
a man is riding a motorcycle .	a man is riding a motorcycle through a town .	3.500
a horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background .	a group of river barges with trees in the background .	0
the white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .	the big white dog is running in the grass .	3.40
death toll in nairobi attack rises to 59	death toll from egypt violence rises to 638	1.60
chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework ' agreement in place	general strike ends : histadrut , treasury reach agreement	0.8
giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature , purpose , or function of something .	0
no americans were reported among the casualties , according to capt . michael calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .	none of the casualties was americans , said capt . michael calvert , regiment spokesman .	5.000
a small bird eating from the feeder .	bird eating from a bird feeder .	4.25
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
a dog is looking into swimming pool .	a dog is walking around a pool .	2.000
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.26666666666667
6.3-magnitude quake hits honshu , japan : cenc	6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts taiwan : cenc	2.00
the puppy played with a blue tennis ball .	a puppy is playing with a tennis ball .	4.000
physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point .	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center .	4.4
billion . everyone in the world at mexico 's current prosperity level .	everyone in the world at the current `` prosperity '' level of northwest africa .	1.53333333333333
damn smh `` : death toll climbs to 220 in brazil nightclub fire , official says. ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.2
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries .	5.000
s korea mps to visit kaesong complex	s. korea demands talks with n. korea on closed factory	1.40
three men are playing chess .	two men are playing chess .	2.600
navy jet crashes into us apartments , pilots eject	u.s. navy jet crashes into virginia apartment buildings	3.4
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of starting something .	0
if people need help , just assume charity and local gov'ts are n't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it , what 's the difference ?	if millions have a disastrous medical issue , like cancer , or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue , what 's the difference ?	0.60
the girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill .	a girl loses her kite .	2.250
girls are walking on the stage .	women models are walking down a catwalk .	2.600
computers : obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light	obtain data from magnetic tapes .	3
two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .	two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .	5.00
you have a problem .	this is a big problem .	4
iaf strike gaza terror hubs	iaf strikes gaza terror cell ; 1 dead	3.2
my guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you 're feeding him .	some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom .	0.60
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years .	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999 .	2.6
let us , as a europe of 15 member states , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions .	let us to organise ourselves fifteen to welcome in good conditions to the countries knocking at our door .	3.200
there is no closed path in circuit 4 .	circuit 4 has no closed paths	5.00
make sure of .	be careful or certain to do something ; make certain of something .	3.500
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something	an appraisal of the value of something .	0
south korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	s. korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low	4.6
just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight .	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots .	2.00
a man is playing the piano .	the man is playing the violin .	1.750
the lawyer representing torch concepts , rich marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls .	officials with torch and jetblue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the mercury news seeking comment .	2.750
the political stock market	the politicization of securities market	2.250
a shirtless man playing football on a lawn .	a shirtless man catches a football	4.40
chinese news agency slams delays in search for jet	ten chinese vessels on standby for jet search	3.20
florida sen. bob graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled .	kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled ; dean at 57 percent .	1.273
depict or portray in art , words , or model	create an image or likeness of .	2.000
amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained .	5
two white dogs are swimming in the water .	the birds are swimming in the water .	0.8
a man is playing two pianos .	a cat is playing a piano .	1.600
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report in particular a5-0241 -- 2000 )	4.500
lewis hamilton takes pole for russian gp	lewis hamilton wins inaugural russian gp	4
iran threatens to trigger oil price war	man admits threatening to kill prince harry	0.00
if non-human animals do have intelligence too , why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans ?	your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory .	0.60
a man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums .	a man is playing a flute .	3.250
scrimshaw , supervisor , best minister and ten most wanted are expected to complete the belmont field .	best minister , scrimshaw , and ten most wanted all had workouts on monday morning .	2.250
sc dismisses govt 's review plea in vodafone tax case	sc dismisses govt 's review petition on vodafone tax verdict	4.4
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	relation horse-trailer orden ( a5-0241/2000 )	3.000
kansas city drafted outfielder chris lubanski , from kennedy-kenrick high school in pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .	the royals chose chris lubanski , a high school outfielder from pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .	3.400
a group of four people in a dinner having cake .	four people eating dessert around a table .	3.8
a plane is taking off .	an air plane is taking off .	5.000
de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding bloomberg	bill de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding michael bloomberg	5
we advise you on how to make a choice .	conseillera , how you choose	0
my understanding of a `` bubble '' is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason .	4.00
this is not a war deployment .	its not an official deployment .	2.4
what is the best way to store fresh berries ?	what is the best way to store ground coffee ?	1
dutchy has anyone heard from dutchy ?	@ nickfun , has anyone heard from dutchy ?	3.6
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed .	3
the boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors .	a boy cuts grass with scissors .	3.750
if the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	1.60
newspeak , a `` deliberately impoverished '' language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas .	every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed .	1.00
yes , you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile .	absolutely ok ; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter .	4.00
incite some act of insubordination	incite , move , or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination .	4.000
a little boy is singing and playing a guitar .	a man is singing and playing the guitar .	2.200
obama orders syria 'gas attack ' inquiry	un urges syria gas attack inspection	2
v kerry says # iran must come clean on # nuclear program	kerry confirmation hearing	0.6
the single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro 's launch in january 1999 .	the single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in january 1999 .	3.500
`` there is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the un , '' he said .	he added : `` there is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .	3.800
a plane rides on a road .	an airplane moves along a runway .	2.812
dozens dead in taliban resort attack	'india police name 3 iranians in embassy attack '	0.4
3 chinese tourists killed in pakistan	seven kidnappers killed in southern nigeria	0.40
a dog licks a baby .	a dog is licking a baby .	4.750
a man is slicing potatoes .	a woman is peeling potato .	2.200
a storyline ; the plan , scheme , or main story of a literary or dramatic work , true or fictional .	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..	3.8
the ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6 .	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	4.80
i 've had this same problem .	i 've had this problem while working in a pubs .	2
bulbs a and b are not on the same path as bulb c .	bulb c is in a separate path	3.40
three people racing on ice skates .	three ice skaters round a corner .	3.20
obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites .	do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites .	1.60
aggressive willingness to battle , pugnaciousness	an aggressive willingness to compete .	3.2
south africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids .	with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids , south africa has the world 's highest aids caseload .	5.000
a man walking down the stairs .	a man walks down a staircase .	5.000
a bird holding on to a metal gate .	a multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence .	3.2
a field of black faced sheep .	a black faced sheep .	2.8
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
personal responsibility much ?	again , personal responsibility .	4.4
we have heard that the previous council presidency first restructured and then scrapped the ministry for equality .	we heard that the previous presidency initially restructured then dismantled the ministry for the equal opportunity .	4.400
a man is riding a horse .	a woman is washing a freezer .	0.000
i 'll have another retired to stud	i 'll have another wins preakness	1
two baby pandas are playing .	two pandas are laying together .	3.000
a man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles .	a man is kicking a soccer ball .	0.333
egypt poll : 98 per cent vote 'yes ' for new constitution	egypt holding key vote on constitution	2.40
move to a lower position , terminate something	lower the pitch of ( musical notes ) .	0.4
china stock index futures close lower -- april 23	china stock index futures close higher -- dec. 4	2.20
volcano erupts in indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	volcanic eruption closes 3 airports	3.00
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr. president , we can know the position of the commission as regards access to public documents by reading the internal handbook which was given , on october 11 , with the commission officials in order to explain the way to them in which they were to treat the requests emanating of the deputies with regard to the access to the documents .	4.250
china stocks close lower on friday	china stocks close higher on wednesday	1.8
extremists claim responsibility for niger attacks	greek militant group claims responsibility for golden dawn killings	1.40
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin .	and this serious error is taking to russia to its ruin policy .	5.000
a man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .	a man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .	1.00
one dead , 11 hurt in la car chaos	6 dead , 33 hurt in cotabato blast	1.2
a man is lifting weights .	a man is lifting a barbell .	4.200
obama set to speak on syria from white house at 1:15 p.m. edt	obama to deliver statement on syria at white house at 1:15 pm	5
the shirtless man sat in a chair .	a shirtless man is sitting on a chair .	3.800
north korea warns foreigners in south , advising evacuation	north korea warns foreigners in south to evacuate	5
make sense of , give meaning to	make sense of ; assign a meaning to .	5
red double decker bus driving down a street .	a red two story bus driving along the street .	3.8
a person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .	a person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .	3.80
china backs sri lanka on un resolution	war crimes : china backs lanka on un resolution	3.6
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner .	4
obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid	1
if evidence is not provided to support a position ; then it should be rejected .	if a position is unverifiable ; then it should be rejected .	4.8
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer . the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided .	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;	1.4
a girl runs with dogs in a dry field .	a grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .	2.20
`` cyclopes do n't exist '' - fine .	`` goblins do n't exist '' - fine .	1.6
the carrots are rotten .	when carrots turn black , it is almost always caused by rot .	3.8025
what is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?	what is the best way to fix this garage floor ?	0
a man is fitting silencer on a pistol .	a man is adding a silencer to a gun .	4.500
eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house .	eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with `` a friend '' am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home ?	1.83
a person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone .	a person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .	3
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .	a man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .	4.40
cardinals enter vatican for historic vote	cardinals enter sistine chapel to elect pope	3.4
obama condemns killing of 3 israeli teens	bodies of missing israeli teens found in west bank	1.40
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing	fail to make money in a business ; make a loss or fail to profit .	0.2
a person is cutting mushrooms .	a person is cutting mushrooms with a knife .	4.200
`` i am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , '' said silver .	`` i am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , j. michael boxley , '' the silver statement said. ``	3.600
among the workers , the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age .	`` short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers , '' writes barrenas .	3.800
boy feeding a sheep .	a boy feeding a sheep hay .	4.2
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say a few words on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be passed .	mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote .	4.400
a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on `` national security . ''	upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for `` national security reasons . ''	2.20
a black and white dog looking at the camera .	a small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera .	1.4
there has never been a monopoly in this country that was n't government enforced .	the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly .	1.83
( abstract ) characterize , commemorate , make special ( or respectful )	be a distinctive feature , attribute , or trait ; sometimes in a very positive sense .	1.75
tehran : eu sanctions wo n't force iran into nuclear talks	low expectations for iran nuclear talks	1.8
the dead woman was also wearing a ring and a cartier watch .	`` it 's a blond-haired woman wearing a cartier watch on her wrist , '' the source said .	2.600
a woman is riding a horse .	a man is running on rope .	0.000
this means that companies will have to find £81 million to settle the interests of the first year .	the treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will in 2009 , to £450millions .	1
a man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .	a policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .	3.00
i 've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs .	i do n't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing ...	3.00
property values : what you get for ... $ 1.6 million	property values : real estate for $ 1.6 million	4.4
a brown furry animal stands behind some plants .	a dog pants while standing in the woods .	1.40
not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware *horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain & ireland -	horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain and ireland	4.6
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	the terminals are in the same state .	2.40
relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color .	4.4
syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	syria : cameron and obama move west closer to intervention	0.60
continue to live , exist , or prosper	continue to live through hardship or adversity .	2.500
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	1.80
some people i know claim it imparts the salt flavor to meat , without any of the actual sodium being present .	salt is a good means to control/suppress flames and flareups without having a cooling effect on the coals .	3.4675
why is my dryer taking longer to dry clothes ?	why does it take my dryer 3 hours to dry a load of clothes ?	4
a group of people sitting around a table on a porch .	a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .	3.6
the cfe is very important for european security .	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security .	5
( the sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m . )	( the sitting was suspended at , is resumed at 3 p.m . )	3.200
move or arrange oneself ( oneselves ) in a comfortable and cozy position .	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position .	5
a lady is running her dog through an agility course .	trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe	4.20
the answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages :	the answer to both questions is : yes .	1
kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy ' in mideast peace process	kerry meets israeli leaders to push mideast peace	3.80
thousands of britons claim dole in germany	thousands of white-clad amsterdammers march for mh17	1.00
give an incentive for action , provoke or stir up , urge on , or cause to act .	provoke or stir up .	3.250
three dogs are playing in the water .	three dogs run in the snow .	1.40
work into it slowly .	you work on it slowly .	4
this is also the position advocated by the rapporteur , and it is shared by the european people ' s party .	it is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the european popular party .	4.200
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid .	3.250
when doctors do n't listen what can you do ?	what to do when doctors do n't listen	4.6
# obama plan : tougher checks , no assault weapons - - from # guncontrol	gop balks at gun control proposals	1.8
bulbs a and c were still on closed paths with the battery	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	4.33
the nobel prize for economy has been awarded to the american paul krugman for his research on trade models and localisation of business .	the nobel prize for the economy has been attributed to the american paul krugman for his research on the models of trade and the location of business .	4
'anonymous ' threatens justice dept . 'anonymous ' threatens justice dept	hacktivist group threatens justice department	3.6
yacimovich urges cabinet to approve palestinian prisoners release	israel agrees to free 104 palestinian prisoners	2
settle or deal with something	put or introduce into something .	0.8
we have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more .	our intrepid heroes also did n't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit .	0.00
a dog licks up a baby 's drool .	a dog licks a baby .	2.200
hrw : jordan biased against palestinians from syria	jordan biased over palestinians from syria	4.2
to move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away ( from something ) .	to move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away .	4.750
updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon	report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon	5.00
yes , you should stretch before running , but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching .	neuromuscular activation and dynamic stretching here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running .	1.80
a man is playing a football .	a man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet .	2.000
the is an open path	the battery is in an open path	2.80
homs mortar fire kills 105	homs offensive kills 200	2.6
the man is playing the piano .	the man is playing the guitar .	1.600
in morning trading , the dow jones industrial average was up 40.12 , or 0.5 percent , at 8,571.69 , having fallen 51 points monday .	in new york , the dow jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97 .	1.750
currently i 've got a fairly close to purely digital gtd setup , although this could do with some refinements and tweaks .	my gtd system is effectively 100 percent electronic -- as described in detail here .	3.40
it is hard to speak for a team , know what their strategy is going into a draft .	drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement .	2.60
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .	but america 's interest for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .	5.000
the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .	if the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .	1
`` an earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when picnic opened on broadway ... ''	theater review : ? picnic ? at american airlines theater	1.2
obama silent on china dissident	obama to visit korean dmz	0.6
a person is slicing an onion .	a cat is pooping into a toilet .	0.000
a brown dog is running through the field .	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	4.00
i have the same thing .	i have had the same problem .	4
the state of being employed	the state of being employed or having a job .	5
a woman and a man are amused by headphones .	a man and a woman resting after exercise .	1.20
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use .	1
the bulb takes away the path .	there is an open path	0.80
i would urge the french presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .	i launch an urgent appeal with the french presidency so that it does all that is in its capacity to fill this particularly destroying ditch .	3.200
indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during gam 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .	indonesia 's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with gam , charges it has generally denied .	3.250
an elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan .	a tied man is putting into water .	0.000
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , when a one-person business or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only to guarantee to 120 % , but merely on the basis of a good idea .	4.000
gap between 3 and positive battery	terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	4.00
nato traces path out of afghanistan	nato leaders commit to afghanistan transition	3.2
federer wins 7th wimbledon title	federer captures 7th wimbledon title	5
a pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .	a bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle .	3.2
jury nullification has nothing to do with the constitutionality of laws .	jury nullification means a law is n't constitutional ?	2.6
a young woman leans over her plate at a meal .	a young woman , topless except for paint or mud .	0.80
previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east java only on television .	mr hughes had seen amrozi 's face on television , the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east java .	3.400
the rapper 's lawyer , mark gann , did n't return calls for comment .	the 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , mark gann , did not return calls for comment .	4.500
touch or hold with the hands	touch , lift , or hold with the hands .	4.500
the importance of taking a day off	the importance of a 'stop day '	4.4
a person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .	a brown dog is playing with a ball in the water .	0.00
japan 's opposition party chief criticizes abe 's economic policies	zimbabwe‚äôs opposition mdc party challenges robert mugabe‚äôs election win	0.00
a woman is peeling an orange .	a man is playing a flute .	0.000
without egos ultimate amount of quality .	with little ego , the ultimate show of quality .	4
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	the amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs .	5.000
19 hurt in new orleans shooting	police : 19 hurt in nola mother 's day shooting	4.2
being in a gang isnt a crime .	commiting a crime in a gang is a crime .	1.8
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .	4.000
foreign pro-palestinian activists seek to enter west bank	100 pro-palestinians seek to enter israel at allenby	2.2
i would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule .	there 's also freakyalarm for ios , which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off .	0.80
a section of a composition , textual or musical	a short section of a musical composition .	4.250
a young boy sings and plays a guitar .	a kid plays the guitar .	3.250
when does life begin ? catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person .	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person	4.6
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan .	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on	4
earlier , he told france inter-radio , `` i think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . ''	`` i think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic , '' health minister jean-francois mattei said on france inter radio .	3.200
us , afghan govt to hold peace talks with taliban	pakistan holds direct talks with taliban	2.00
the symptoms of hepatitis a appear two to three weeks after the consumption of food contaminated , in general , accompanied by a bad state general , of weakness , upset stomach and nausea .	the symptoms of hepatitis a appear two to three weeks after the consumption of contaminated food , in general , accompanied by general bad health , weakness , upset stomach and nausea .	5
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice .	the gop is fighting for freedom of religion .	1.60
china is investing in # education - # highered # edpolicy	next made-in-china boom : college graduates	2.2
7.2-magnitude quake hits pakistan : cenc	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits sw pakistan	3.8
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville thought in the long run , nothing can be really opposed this trend .	4.500
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress .	3.4
abbvie sours on $ 55b shire deal after tax changes	abbvie cools on $ 55bn shire deal after us tax changes	5
carry as a backpack , go backpacking	carry , as on one 's back .	3.4
shiites make up 20 percent of the country 's population .	sunnis make up 77 percent of pakistan 's population , shiites 20 percent .	3.000
a person is writing .	a person is writing with a pencil .	3.600
the act of beginning something new .	the act of rejecting something .	0
costa concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter	costa concordia survivors detail experience one year later	1.2
thirty-seven dead in italy tour bus plunge	thirty dead in italian bus plunge	3.2
chinese lunar rover lands on moon	china lands robot rover on moon	5
make a short , sharp sound	make a sharp sound .	4.000
the height of the sea 's surface	the solid part of the earth 's surface .	0.2
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations . in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed	family based on male descent ;	0.8
the process of becoming less or smaller	a process of becoming smaller or shorter .	5.000
philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000	3
this can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .	the easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ …is a kind of ” relationship .	0
construct an optimal solution from computed values .	define value of optimal solution recursively .	4
this method is used in the google toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to google .	in order to prevent spamming , google releases little information on the way in which a pagerank is calculated .	1
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei .	the president has less powers than it seems , and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me ali khamenei .	4.750
two skydivers dead after colliding during us jump	two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in arizona	3.80
dick was an idea guy and a people guy , not a science guy .	most of philip k dick 's works are n't hard sci-fi in the least .	1.40
to derive the theorem , we begin with the definition of conditional probability .	in probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by bayes ' theorem .	2
`` becuase bulb c is on it '' '' s own pathway . ''	bulb c is in a separate path	4.17
doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .	4.250
a person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling .	a person throws a cat on the ceiling .	5.000
`` what does pressing the number one do ? ''	`` pressing the number one does english . ''	1.6
from the start , however , the united states ' declared goal was not just to topple saddam but to stabilize iraq and install a friendly government .	but the united states ' ultimate goal was not just to topple mr. hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government .	4.800
`` : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged. `` please tell me he said good grief ...	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	4.2
therefore , i also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable , but that the government , which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues , needs visible signs of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat .	this is why i also think that this reconciliation can hold . however , the government , which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems , needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support , under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area .	4.800
a chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .	a rooster pecks at a dead mouse .	3.600
osama bin laden wives to be jailed	osama bin laden movie to be filmed in india	0.8
ukrainian parliament dismisses president	ukraine 's parliament votes to dismiss president	4
motorcycle parked next to a car outside .	a motorcycle parked next to a car .	4.4
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .	the dow jones industrial average .dji fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on friday .	2.400
in kentucky , democratic attorney general ben chandler faces u.s. rep. ernie fletcher .	kentucky : republican ernie fletcher , a three-term house member , is battling democratic state attorney general ben chandler .	3.800
after all , it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other , because the various definitions that are currently in use in the member states are all perfectly satisfactory .	indeed , it is absolutely not certain only the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another , because the various definitions used currently in the member states are enough all amply .	3.400
the act of cutting off length , snipping off	the act of making or enacting laws .	0
this over the top photo shows two men taking a break .	a person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .	0.40
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	put a little love in your heart we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.6
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > added 8.27 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .	1.200
some 95 million americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .	about half of all u.s. households have money in mutual funds .	4.200
who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?	refresh your memory : who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?	4.8
more accurate ( albeit less catchy ) title would be `` india is 2nd place '' not `` losing '' , but still interesting :	opinionator : india is losing the race	2.2
a dog carries a leash in its mouth .	a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .	4.20
it is gratifying that parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness .	it is gratifying that parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency .	4.571
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , radical technological progress made slip these threats .	4.750
it indeed appears the andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) and the milky way ( mw ) are en route to a collision .	in a few billion years , the milky way and andromeda will collide .	4.40
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't .	yes , you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you 've done .	0
i would recommend asking questions in a way that does n't require a yes or no answer .	would you be concerned with the mind changing if he was n't shouting and/or misbehaving ?	0.40
2 palestinians killed in israeli airstrikes	four palestinians killed in iaf strike	2.4
got some heine and coors light i started it last night xanis .	i started it last night xanis .	2
india gang-rape victim `` struggling against the odds ''	indian rape victim dies in singapore hospital	1.8
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership .	leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union .	3.2
what is the best way to toast pecans ?	what is the best way to start learning a new course ?	0
red sports car racing down track .	a red sports car driving quickly on a track .	4.6
assad says syria will comply with un arms resolution	syria 's assad vows to comply with u.n. resolution	4.80
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .	a group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .	3.40
a close-up of a black train engine .	close up of a white sheep with a black head .	0
i know that in france they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .	i know that in france , the principle of the whole and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon .	2.800
radical islamists in mali enlist new militia	local militia bolsters islamist militants in mali	3.75
south korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into north	north korea shuts last remaining hotline to south	1
with all precincts reporting , fletcher — a three-term congressman from lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .	with all precincts reporting , fletcher had 88,747 votes , or 57 percent of the total .	3.000
the monkey is hanging from the trees .	the monkey swung from branch to branch .	2.000
a bag of cotton in front of a couch .	calico cat sitting on step in front of a door .	0
six us troops killed in afghan bomb attack	6 nato troops killed in afghanistan	1.8
leave isolated with little hope of rescue	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue .	4.6
a woman is firing a rifle .	a man is performing stunts .	0.250
china stocks close mixed friday	china stocks open lower friday	1.6
qatar 's emir hands power to his son	qatari emir hands power to son tamim	4
remove to or from a place or situation	remove or force out from a position .	2.8
taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	zambia arrests ex-leader banda over oil deal	0.4
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of rejecting something .	0.2
yes , i can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle .	it is true that bombs in world war ii would make a whistling sound as they fell .	2.80
a man is dangling a mouse near a snake .	a man is feeding a mice to a snake .	3.200
public employees can unionize because the law allows them to .	the legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described .	3.60
pooping man killed in fall between subway cars	train kills man in 125th street subway station	2.2
if so , alot of cops should take presciption drugs .	if so , alot of inventors , writers should take prescription drugs..	2.4
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .	it is an implicit but but clearly , the head of state for 24 years .	3.750
a red double decker bus on a crowded street .	a double decker bus on a city street .	4.2
a woman with a knife is slicing a pepper .	a women slicing green pepper .	4.000
the act of putting something to use .	the act of testing something .	1.9
egypt policeman killed in sinai attack	egyptian soldiers killed in sinai attack	3.40
he said european governments `` have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears .	`` they have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears , '' bush said .	3.200
# pentagon to lift combat ban for women ... how about banning combat for men ? ?	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat	3.2
a man wearing us flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .	a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .	0.00
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image .	the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer .	0
us astronaut neil armstrong dead at 82	us astronaut neil armstrong dies	3.6
she was a great lady .	she was a nice lady .	4
sport : mt lance armstrong confesses to doping . next step ? testifying against the higher-ups in cycling .	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4.6
ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with # shell at # davos # energy # marketentry	ukraine signs drilling deal with shell for shale gas	4.4
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .	4.571
improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .	4.4
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we we take pride often here of representing the european citizens .	4.250
u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan , tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia , sudan	4
( chemistry ) undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion .	undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion .	4.750
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	thus , it is urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthened very quickly at the heart of the general secretariat of the commission , so that all proposals to act of general scope can be accompanied , during their examination by the college on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , a detailed impact statement .	4.600
the human act of making something new .	the speech act of making something evident .	0.8
so wait , you think i want to search # facebook , and use bing as the back up ? ha .	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool	2
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity .	the official spoke on condition of anonymity .	3.4
a coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the protests , which the nlc called in defiance of a court order banning them .	a coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the action and is mobilising for protests .	3.333
romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source	romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate	5
manner of handling , managing someone or something	the management of someone or something .	4.4
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	4.90
these men `` are entitled to respect for their private lives , '' kennedy said .	`` the petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives . ''	2.750
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is .	having a strong physiological or chemical effect ;	2.2
islamists attack north mali city after suicide bombings	islamists attack malian troops in gao	3.2
two sumo ringers are fighting each other .	a man rides a water toy in the water .	0.000
long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines sunday as israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .	long lines formed sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as israelis braced for the strike 's effects .	4.500
that would make you partially responsible for their death .	that would make you a sort of accessory , i think .	3
the experts say a technology still in its infancy , from the fact that the marine energy dispelling fears about the environmental impact .	the experts say that it is a technology still in its infancy , from the fact that marine energy does not dispel fears about its environmental impact .	5
a woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .	a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	3.40
`` your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . ''	`` your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , '' added the voice , which signed off giving the date as `` mid-september . ''	3.500
a man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box .	the man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box .	2.750
shooting , protests mar thai voting	thai protesters disrupt advance voting	3.60
syria regime agrees to attend peace conference	russia : syria agrees to participate in conference	4.80
blizzard hammers u.s. northeast , five dead , 700,000 lose power	blizzard wallops us northeast , closes roads	2.2
for nearly 18 years , the space borehole `` ulysses '' steals in the area .	for nearly 18 years , the space shuttle `` ulysses '' has been flying in space .	3
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .	4.429
yeah , i do n't think this is that controversial either .	i do n't think what she 's saying is that controversial .	3.8
communicate or make known by gestures , action , or signs	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs .	4.6
they are ignorant , poor , and sick .	they are uncultivated , poor and sick .	4.600
government bonds sold off sharply after greenspan told congress on tuesday that the u.s. economy `` could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth '' .	greenspan told congress on tuesday the u.s. economy `` could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth '' .	3.200
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.500
the man is playing the guitar .	the man is playing with a skull .	1.000
the blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .	the atlanta olympic games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people .	1.800
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .	the first of these lessons , we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves .	4.250
russian warplanes strike inside syria	russian roulette in syria	2
garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad , mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .	garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april .	4.250
the vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .	the limitations of the vector space model are thus .	2
hurricane sandy closes in on us east coast	hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast	4.8
agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of ragin 's address .	when ragin 's address was raided , authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines .	4.800
egypt 's opposition criticizes president 's speech	pakistan 's opposition party boycotts presidential elections	0.00
smiling man with reflective classes .	a gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .	4.60
two dogs are running in the field .	two dogs running in a field .	5.00
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we define a clear framework and binding on the member states , the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of being tested .	4.800
mr president , i rise in defence of the workers in the industry .	mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .	4.667
really people ? ? ? ? : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?	readers sue armstrong for book refund	3
a man is adding oil to a pot .	a dog is catching a fish in a river .	0.200
excuse some minor social infraction ; accept an excuse for something .	accept an excuse for .	3.500
the e-mails - oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister	4.2
see , it 's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets .	here it 's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks .	0.33
because of the gap in bulb b	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	2.20
the small dog protects its owner .	the back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .	0
the ireland palestine solidarity campaign , of which mr o muireagáin was a member , welcomed his release .	the ireland palestine solidarity campaign , of which he was a member , said he was researching a schools exchange project .	2.400
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb b	a , b and c are in different paths	3.40
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	0.80
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	bulbs a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	5.00
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it .	4.333
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object .	0.2
a man is pouring oil into a pan .	a man is pouring oil into a skillet .	4.200
some 14,000 customers were without power in the area , oklahoma gas and electric said .	about 38,000 oge energy corp. customers are without power , the company said on its web site .	2.750
a man holds on to a handle in the water .	a man is holding onto handles in the air .	3.20
behave in a condescending manner	behave in a patronizing and condescending manner .	3.750
this is not a good idea .	this is probably not a good idea but i will suggest it anyhow .	2
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	relation maij-weggen ( a5-0323/2000 )	4.250
researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of venezuela , about 250 miles west of caracas .	phoberomys ' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of caracas , venezuela .	3.750
the institute for supply management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in april , reports said .	the institute for supply management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in march .	3.400
there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions .	the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse .	0.60
hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban '	4.2
south korea ferry crew members stand trial	sewol ferry crew faces trial	4.40
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the eu as a whole basically depend - and denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of european policy .	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the eu as a whole - depends on the example of denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in european policy .	4.800
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mister the president , the report cashman can summarize itself in some words : the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy .	4.500
2 # france : we 're not the pacifists you think	why france is not pacifist nation	4.2
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can actually oppose this trend .	4.750
microsoft is right , its operational system is important but also its software .	microsoft is right , its operational system is losing importance but also its software .	1
move in a group or flock	move as a crowd or in a group .	4.4
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	just as the court of human rights , the council of europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis .	4.400
the best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise ( min .	what works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks .	2.20
there is nothing wrong with the phrase `` simple sample service '' .	the minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a `` simple example service '' .	3.40
reading your post , made me think of my younger years ! !	i 'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture .	0.00
the new research will be published soon in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .	it will appear in the next few weeks on the web site of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .	3.400
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	in particular parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
the cook is kneading the flour .	a woman is kneading tortilla dough .	2.600
a seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop	4.40
a tan puppy on a carpeted floor .	tan puppy lying down on white carpeting .	3.8
this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death . the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased .	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal ;	2
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .	the nasdaq composite index .ixic jumped 43.64 points , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .	1.000
queen pays tribute to nelson mandela	us presidents pay tribute to mandela	1.6
the act of damaging something , causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone .	3.2
then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .	we would perhaps then could prevent a disaster .	4.250
the stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on friday at $ 21.51 on the new york stock exchange .	pg & e corp. shares jumped $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the new york stock exchange on friday .	1.400
a large jet on the ground at the airport .	a large airplane parked at the airport at night .	3.6
goed initiatief , inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen # new york city ties doctors ? income to quality of care	new york city hospitals to tie doctors ? performance pay to quality measures	2.8
obama lashes north korea as pariah state	obama lashes north korea as weak ‚äėpariah state‚äô	3.80
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily .	4.750
but forest , the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said : ''mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there .	forest , the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said it had greeted the lancet 's call with `` amusement and disbelief ' '' .	1.600
old green bottle sitting on a table .	three men in suits sitting at a table .	0.4
us drone strike kills six in pakistan officials	u.s. drone kills 4 militants in pakistan	2.80
a dog runs on brown grass .	a wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .	2.20
saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at detroit airport	saudi man traveling with pressure cooker arrested	4
nato soldier killed in afghan attack	nato soldier killed in s. afghanistan	3.8
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	4.4
the woman is pencilling on eye shadow .	the girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid .	2.800
u.s. and russia reach a deal on syria 's chemical weapons	china welcomes us , russia deal on syria chemical weapons	3
a group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .	a group of young ladies in bikinis .	1.40
we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing ... is	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined .	0.00
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained , at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive .	4.500
the girl sang into a microphone .	the lady sang into the microphone .	2.400
this , the representatives of the úohs must very well know , but their interests are apparently elsewhere .	the course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .	0
mark sanford , the ex-governor of south carolina & `` hiking the appalachian trail '' , to run for congress	sanford , ex-governor of south carolina , to run for congress	4
black and white cows grazing in a pen .	two black and white cows drinking out of a pond .	1.6
maintain , assert , or claim	maintain or assert .	4.250
to refer , indeed , `` we need a sketch of strategic reference , or firm or stand still , to allow our city , to improve , which it has absolutely necessary , while thinking about its future now a spirit of unity , '' .	according to alemanno , indeed , `` we need a sketch of strategic reference , neither firm nor immobile , to allow our city to improve , which is absolutely necessary , while thinking about its future in a spirit of unity , '' .	3
is there a way to find out if i need a transit visa for a layover in the uk ?	i have a layover in japan , going to stayfor a month , do i need a transit visa ?	1
move or arrange oneself ( oneselves ) in a comfortable and cozy position .	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position .	5
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	they would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them ?	4.000
cone threw an game .	addie joss cone threw an game .	4.2
today i learned `` currently , there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime . '' i am at a loss for words .	senator unveils bill to limit semiautomatic arms	0.6
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed . some of the words in this frame ( e.g . argue ) are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense .	establish the validity of something , as by an example , explanation or experiment ;	1.6
a man is patting an alligator on the mouth .	a person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove .	0.000
gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern pakistan	islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 pakistani	2.60
a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .	a black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .	4.00
dali painting stolen from gallery	salvador dali painting snatched from new york gallery	3.8
dzhokhar tsarnaev pleads not guilty to boston bombing charges	dzhokhar tsarnaev charged in boston marathon bombing	2.6
dispose of something as useless and old ; physically tear apart .	dispose of ( something useless or old ) .	4
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree .	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality ;	1.8
to paraphrase a common saying , `` one man 's weed is another man 's lawn '' .	first , let me say i 've no experience doing battle with bermuda grass .	1.00
# photos : # kimjongun and his army forces	photos : kim jong un and his military	5
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	4.00
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case .	4.8
a term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .	a document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .	2
preserve in a tin or jar .	preserve in a can or tin .	5.000
former australian pm says `` i went after guns . obama can , too . ''	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too .	3.4
about 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional .	the remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional .	2.750
dotson told fbi agents that he shot dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .	dotson was arrested july 21 after telling fbi agents he shot dennehy when dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .	3.800
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is that the european union is means and that it be done very soon .	4.500
two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs .	two asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .	4.60
since its creation , on 28 september 1998 , héma-quebec has applied the precautionary principle .	this episode has shown that the precautionary principle that has been applied , made sense. ``	2
a bird is flapping its wings in the water .	a black swan flapping its wings on the water .	3.6
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .	they are not as sovereign as they were before .	4.5
partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet .	4.8
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .	4.20
mr president , the commission ' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 october to employees of the commission to tell them how to deal with requests from meps for access to documents .	mr president , we can hear the commission 's position on public access to documents from the internal manual , which was submitted on 11 october , the commission 's officials in order to explain to them how to deal with the requests of members as regards access to documents .	4.000
eu declares hezbollah 's military wing terror group	eu puts hezbollah military wing on terror list	4.80
a woman is dancing by a fire .	a man ties a noose .	0.000
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .	punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .	4.250
this rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .	this could also apply to all drugs but dangerous insofar as the consumer of drugs is the only to run risks .	3.600
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the turkish government .	4.500
those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car .	those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car .	4.500
we only used fartlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun .	fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun !	2.60
( the content of ) a communication .	the last section of a communication .	2.8
lol..errm.. '' test '' on the u.s. of a. ? # damn ! : north korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against u.s. : ?	n. korea makes new threats against u.s .	3
because it is still connected to a batery	there is no closed path containing the battery	2.20
still , he noted miami must decide whether to seek acc membership for the next school year by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .	still , he noted that miami must decide whether to seek a.c.c . membership by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .	4.600
make sense of , give meaning to	make sense of ; assign a meaning to .	4.6
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester .	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .	4.2
bring back to life , return from the dead	cause to become alive again .	4.750
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position .	4.7
obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address	thousands protest gay marriage in france	1
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .	putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime .	4.400
4 dead , 3 injured in east china road accident	2 dead , 8 injured in central israel traffic accident	0
four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool .	four dogs playing in the snow .	0.00
you better believe in climate change , it 's real ! @ federal report sees big u.s. impacts from global warming	dot earth blog : draft federal report sees big u.s. impacts from global warming	4.2
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	in the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .	3
plofsky said the commission wo n't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .	the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired , plofsky said .	4.400
`` i came basically to washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to california , '' schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional republicans .	`` i came to washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money , '' schwarzenegger said after one meeting .	4.200
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult that always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	3.400
classical gas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	time of the season by the zombies we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	2.4
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract .	alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract .	3.6
a woman is riding a horse on the beach .	a woman is washing a bowl .	0.200
- my party has serious reservations about community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	my party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through community legislation , as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards .	4.600
`` what they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , '' she said .	the church 's lawyer , shirley phelps-roper , was clear : `` what they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , '' she said .	2.600
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines .	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines .	5.000
workers killed in india building collapse	76 killed in bangladesh building collapse	3.00
the lady added cheese to the sauce .	a man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce .	1.600
a woman is cutting tofu .	a woman is cutting an onion .	2.400
doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .	doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .	5.000
what is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?	what is the best way to clean a grater ?	0
a woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife .	a woman is slicing onions with a large knife .	4.200
saudi arabia arrests suspected militants with al-qaeda links	saudi arabia arrests suspected militants , state media reports	4
relatives scuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119	3.80
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense .	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness .	4.000
when energy gives birth to waves , big ones moves .	when energy is born waves , now the big moves .	3
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	the bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	5.00
committee with supervisory powers	a committee having supervisory powers .	5.000
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	it is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .	0
a couple holds a baby .	couple with newborn baby .	4.2
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for .	4.4
nazi gestapo chief 'buried in jewish cemetery '	nazi chief buried in jewish cemetary	4.80
syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	syria fm : we will stop producing chemical weapons	3.40
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny .	the right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny .	5.000
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language . a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist .	state or say further ;	1
a terminal is connected to a bulb .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.00
capital stock in a corporation	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate .	2.750
his 1996 chevrolet tahoe was found abandoned in a virginia beach , va. , parking lot june 25 .	his sport utility vehicle was found june 25 , abandoned without its license plates in virginia beach , va .	3.600
mali 's tuareg rebels declare independence	mali rebels declare independent 'azawad '	3.8
[ provide with a new or different resting place	provide with a new seat .	3.750
mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked , five accused arrested	mumbai journalist gang-rape case : all five accused arrested	4.8
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.00
several kids jump up and down on a trampoline .	a man is doing back flips on a trampoline .	1.500
7 dead in christian school shooting	5 wounded in ohio school shooting	1.4
a small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree .	a small red and grey bird perched in a tree .	2
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120 % , but also on the basis of a simple idea :	4.400
people with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another .	the economic activities commons generating peaceful links between people .	3.000
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .	the important thing is that when interest rates amount , the values of the active fall .	4.250
when police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .	each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home oct. 10 .	3.000
ive watched kids play .	i like watching kids play .	2.2
people with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another .	the joint economic activities create peaceful links between peoples .	4.000
battle behind china 's 'firewall '	working behind china 's 'great firewall '	3.75
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we create a clear framework and binding on the member states , the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test .	4.800
palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place : russian , greek , turkish , persian etc .	sinhala , one of the languages spoken in sri lanka has a four way deixis system .	0.80
this integrates with rational purifyplus and allows developers to work in supported versions of java , visual c # and visual basic .net .	ibm said the rational products were also integrated with rational purifyplus , which allows developers to work in java , visual c # and visualbasic .net .	3.500
there is simply no winning for obama among conservatives .	this is rich coming from a conservative .	1.4
the act of moving , turning something	the act of rejecting something .	0.4
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	the justification for some act or belief .	3.2
breathe in , breathe out , move on .	buwhahahaha breathe in , breathe out , move on .	4.4
the biggest reason i can think of is that you 're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat .	cats do n't usually like to have their paws held , touched , or anything like that .	1.60
buried memories talks on a never before told true story of survival , memory and recovery .	`` buried memories '' of katie beers	2.4
how do i track investment performance in quicken across rollovers ?	how do i track 401k rollovers in quicken ?	4
a woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .	a smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors .	3.20
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles ( as of an army ) .	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles .	4.8
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , commissioner .	5.000
they also inherit the attributes and methods of its superclass .	the new classes are called derived classes and they inherit the behaviours and attributes of the base classes .	3
a man is riding on a horse .	a woman is riding an elephant .	1.533
because it can go through switch z	there is a path containing a , c , z and x	1.40
the metropolitan transportation authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , york declared .	the metropolitan transportation authority , which plans to appeal , was given until may 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates .	2.800
the development of orlando has already pushed interstate 4 up to the west of the city .	the development of orlando has already prompted interstate 4 up to the west of the city .	5
opposition leaders emerge to commemorate cambodian workers ' deaths	cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court	0.4
when fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .	the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out , the company said .	4.000
the chinese government has strengthened china 's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years .	the chinese government has strictly censored china 's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years .	1
two men standing in grass staring at a car .	two women sitting in chairs in a shop .	0.4
lack of agreement , not harmonious	lack of agreement or harmony .	5
myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	ban warns syria strikes could worsen sectarian violence	1.20
`` there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there 's not one person who 's responsible here , '' gehman said .	in turning down the nima offer , gehman said , ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here .	3.750
breed zebra danios are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .	supposedly danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 danios in your tank .	1.60
icymi , facebook unveiled a new search tool today : `` graph searchl ''	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool	3
a woman sits alone against a brick wall	a woman is walking with a red bag .	1.20
top chinese political advisor meets greek pm	top chinese political advisor meets yemeni president	3.40
draw a cross in the air over something	get the meaning of something .	0
a document authorizing another to vote on one 's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting .	3.4
he said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the ishtar sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding u.s. forces leave iraq .	he said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the ishtar sheraton to stop working at the hotel .	3.000
a man is playing guitar .	a man plays a guitar .	4.857
scoop up , as if with a ladle	scoop up by plunging one 's hand or a ladle below the surface .	4
clashes continue between police and protesters in turkey	turkish police fight protesters , clear square	4.40
the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .	2.200
two australians killed in kenya after bus crashed into river	permalink to two killed in germany train accident	0
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots .	rslw : because they are horrible , fascist skin head brutes .	0.00
in general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .	however , the key in dynamic programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .	5
a brown dog laying on a blue cover .	a person is diving into clear blue water .	0.00
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is playing a flute .	1.800
there must be a balance as a whole .	the unity must be in balance .	4.000
south korea reports seven new mers cases	south korean woman in contact with mers patient dies	1
bulb a , bulb b , and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths .	a and c are in different paths with the battery	3.00
the stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot .	the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot .	5.000
the state of being employed	the state of being excommunicated .	0
feel anxious , concerned , uneasy , or apprehensive about	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event .	4
nytimes : 232 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil ( locked security doors and band pyrotechnics )	scores dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil	3.6
lord palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son james	oscar pistorius sent for mental evaluation : what will it mean ?	0.20
i started watching the stargate series by watching atlantis first !	without delving into an in-depth analysis of atlantis and universe , i 'll try and be as succinct as possible .	1.80
one , capt . doug mcdonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on thursday .	her 20-year-old sister , allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .	0.750
beat or hit ( as if ) with a whip .	maintain with or as if with a bet .	0
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	we can , in fact , want more and better , but i believe that it is a good start .	4.600
in probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by bayes ' theorem .	bayes ' theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the reverend thomas bayes .	1
in addition to o'connor , rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by justices david souter , ruth bader ginsburg , and stephen breyer .	joining him in the majority opinion were justices sandra day o'connor , david h. souter , ruth bader ginsburg and stephen g. breyer .	3.600
gather or remove ( from a location ) for use .	remove from a position or office .	1.6
great informative article that shows pepsico 's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first	gatorade listens to a teen and changes its formula	0.6
2 rockets hit in the eshkol region ; no injuries	10 rockets in 20 minutes in eshkol regional council	1.8
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment .	2.6
a brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .	brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .	4
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .	this point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .	4.750
the way something conforms to a shape	how something is done or how it happens .	0
go after with the intent to follow or catch .	go after with the intent to catch .	4.2
a white bus with the word julia is near water and a big ship .	a white bus with water and a barge in the background .	3.8
a man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .	a man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .	3.40
bomber strikes near pakistan army hq	bombing outside restaurant in pakistan wounds 15	3.00
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats .	4.333
for the record , i chopped my hair into `` the karlie '' before karlie ; )	the ? karlie ? is turning heads	1.4
one man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	a man and two women dressed in costumes .	3.40
a small white dog running across a lawn .	a small white dog running	3.20
unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .	in may 2002 , lcds accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .	1.200
egypt launches offensive against sinai militants	egypt launches offensive against sinai insurgents	5.00
the cwa , which represents more than 2,300 comcast employees , called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 a year .	the communications workers union , which represents more than 2,300 comcast employees , called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 annually .	3.400
you do n't have to know .	you do n't have equipments/facilities to do research in b .	0
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting	approval of the minutes of the previous sitting	5.000
a woman is slicing an onion .	a man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife .	1.200
the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned .	the entire caribbean poisoned ?	3.20
lee janzen , who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .	lee janzen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with bob crane ( 67 ) at 269 .	3.250
no . 2 hp saw its unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion .	hp fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .	2.333
a bus drives down a busy road .	a green bus drives down a road .	3.2
scuba diver submerged in water .	the scuba diver is underwater .	5.00
she survives him as do their four children -- sons anthony and kelly , daughters linda hope and nora somers -- and four grandchildren .	hope is survived by his wife ; sons anthony and kelly ; daughters linda and nora somers ; and four grandchildren .	3.800
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .	a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .	4.80
ex-virginia governor bob mcdonnell charged with corruption	virginia 's ex-gov . bob mcdonnell , wife charged with corruption	3.8
become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something .	0
wrinkled , crumpled , or creased .	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased .	5.000
trees are bending in storm .	trees are hit by very hard winds .	2.667
orient , be positioned	be opposite .	0.500
the act of moving , turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something .	2.2
bulb a and bulb c affect each other .	a and c are in the same closed path	2.80
amd 's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $ 402 million .	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .	2.200
romney , paul vie for maine caucus win	romney has narrow maine caucus win	2.8
a few miles further east is tehuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .	a few miles west are the pyramids of teotihuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .	3.750
syria hands over bodies of journalists	syria tv says govt troops free captive journalists	1.4
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force .	5.000
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant .	4.250
by state law , 911 calls are not public information and were not released .	by law , 911 calls are not public information in rhode island .	3.400
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council .	china is a permanent member of the un security	3
the giant rock was first observed on august 24 by lincoln near-earth asteroid research program , based in socorro , new mexico .	the rock was first observed by the lincoln near earth asteroid research program , also known as linear .	3.750
sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .	the product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to sendmail .	5.000
what is the price of insulting the # king in # thailand ? 10 years in # prison for # activist somyot pruksakasemsuk	activist gets 10 years for king insult	3.2
an expanse of land	an extended area of land .	4.500
the federal trade commission ( ftc ) asked congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .	the federal trade commission asked congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam , which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic .	5.000
( cause to ) emit a brief burst of light	emit a brief burst of light .	4.2
beijing 's aircraft carrier returns from south china sea	china sends carrier to south china sea	2.40
the adrs fell 10 cents to $ 28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in new york stock exchange composite trading today .	shares of fox entertainment group inc. , news corp. 's u.s. media and entertainment arm , fell 45 cents to $ 26.85 in new york stock exchange composite trading .	1.400
a man is kicking oots of water .	a woman is slicing a red pepper .	0.250
bp sells some gulf of mexico assets for $ 5.55 bil	bp sells gulf of mexico assets to plains for $ 5.55 bn	3.6
if you have n't , you should .	you should , but you do n't have to .	1
a woman is picking a can .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.133
the people are lifting bags .	several people are carrying large bags .	3.750
do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	4.57142857142857
bulbs a and c are in separate paths .	a and c are in different paths	4.20
crash of malaysia airlines flight mh17 in eastern ukraine	malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border	4.00
the reason for this striptease of thought is the relations of the press towards ryan 's new film `` the women '' - which tells the story of an adulterer .	the reason for this striptease of thought is the press relations ryan for his new film `` the women '- is told the story of a adultery .	4
he claimed red hat and the free software foundation with trying to undermine u.s. copyright and patent law .	in his letter , mcbride charges the free software foundation and red hat with trying to undermine u.s. copyright laws .	4.000
a person folds a tortilla .	a man folds a tortilla .	3.500
mr president , i voted for the garcía-margallo y marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce .	mr president , i voted in favour of the garcía-margallo y marfil report , which concerns the taxation of services provided by way .	3.600
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was no qualified majority in this parliament to go back to article 272 .	5.000
several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .	4
the directorate of the polish football league pzpn has been suspended by the national olympic committee after many scandals and replaced by robert zawlocki , an independent administrator .	the direction of the polish football league pzpn has been suspended by the national olympic committee after many scandals and replaced by robert zawlocki , administrator independent .	5
try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully .	try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury .	5
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	mr van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
a girl is playing a flute .	a band is playing on a stage .	1.286
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering .	0.4
rouhani leads in iran presidential vote - preliminary results	rouhani leads in initial iran count	4.2
cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended .	0.4
i am one of those members who attends sittings quite faithfully .	i form part of the members of parliament who are rather honourably present .	4.500
that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even though we have used the flexibility instrument .	that is what we have done : we avoided a budgetary crisis back to article 272 , the financial perspective has been maintained , even if we use the flexibility instrument .	4.600
come upon , attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something .	0
a man is playing a basketball .	a man is playing a piano .	1.400
a boy is riding a bike on a gate .	a woman is riding a horse .	0.800
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something .	0.75
u.s. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	fast-food workers strike for higher pay	4.00
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( 5 / 2000 )	3.000
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we are often here to represent the european citizens .	2.750
selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .	selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire , fischi said .	3.000
there is not gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.00
red october standing by .	red fox standing by .	2
a woman is shooting a gun .	a woman shoots a shotgun .	4.091
at feira , the council considered those countries participating in the stabilisation and association process as potential applicants for membership of the european union .	in it , he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for membership in the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process .	3.000
be located at or on top of something	cause ( someone ) to undergo something .	0
the dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door .	a dog is trying to get through his dog door .	2.750
iran nuclear talks enter third day	iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day	5.00
a woman with a white horse .	a woman leading a white horse .	3.8
protect from heat , cold , or other detrimental conditions	place or set apart .	1.750
a black dog standing in a grassy area .	a long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area .	3.4
man finds car on ebay 42 years after it was stolen	texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen	3.6
bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	wikileaks soldier bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	4.40
the preppers next door who wants to join my group ?	the doomsday preppers of new york	1.8
a generation gap ? not on this web site ( harvard business school )	a 20-something ? s web site for women over 40	1
the future is perhaps promising .	obama has said that he is the future .	0
the valid signatures of 897,158 registered california voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by sept. 2 .	to force a recall election of davis , the valid signatures of 897,158 registered california voters must be turned in to election officials .	3.200
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to directive .	5.000
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the act of forcing out someone or something .	0.4
the note 's must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the note 's must-reads for tuesday october 29 , 2013	2.00
u.s. and turkey weigh no-fly zones for syria	u.s. and turkey tighten coordination on syria	2.2
fire kills 38 in russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire	3.60
internet , phone service restored in syrian capital	internet service resumes in syria	4.2
the three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open .	the supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .	3.400
two die in syria violence after un monitors land	two year doping ban for contador	0
a human utters words loudly and forcefully .	utter words loudly and forcefully .	3.250
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	the battery in 2 is not in a closed path	1.40
because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	there is a gap in a circuit	2.00
the path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed .	there is no closed path	1.80
set forth as an introduction or preface	set or ask for a certain price .	0.8
i have few suggestions for you :	i have two suggestions for you :	4
sniper waiting for result of appeal	new glories for china in striving for renewal	0
chinese president arrives in netherlands for state visit , nuclear summit	chinese president arrives in venezuela for state visit	2.40
i oppose the death penalty .	this is why i support the death penalty .	1
a europe for all	a europe for all	4.714
a man is eating a bowl of cereal .	the man is eating cereal .	4.000
gunmen kill one soldier , injure two others in pakistan	gunmen kill 6 polio workers in pakistan	2
car bomb kills 20 in northwest syria	car bomb kills 40 in northwest pakistan	1.20
two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .	a young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .	3.00
a line outside of a bookstore on a street .	the yellow motorcycle is parked on the street .	0.4
professor burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages .	minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled , least productive the most .	2.80
russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of yukos oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .	the weekend arrest of russia 's richest man , mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yukos , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .	4.000
sienna miller testifies at uk phone hacking trial	sienna miller attacks press for ‚äėtitillating‚äô reports at hacking trial	3.00
sheep standing in afield .	a large dog stands next to a sheep in a field .	2.8
a baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother .	a baby rhino is following an adult rhino .	3.400
it means its an option .	doesnt mean its a bad option .	1.6
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	greek vessels flowed , without any storm in around , mr gayssot .	2.600
terminal is connected to terminal 6	terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	1.40
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity .	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity .	5.000
a boy plays violin on stage .	a boy is onstage playing the violin .	4.250
hi pro and corn : how many threads do you plan on making ?	how many threads do you plan on making ?	4
the tricks of moving from wall street to tech # dealbook	dealbook : moving from wall street to the tech sector proves tricky	4.2
a baseball player throws the ball .	the basketball player holds the ball .	1.60
brazil tied 2-2 by england as maracana re-opens	brazil held by england 2-2 as maracana re-opens	5
dreamliner battery studied by ntsb ( via instapaper )	nothing ruled out as ntsb studies dreamliner battery	3
egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers	egypt 's morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears	1.4
`` right from the beginning , we did n't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .	but mr. crosby told the associated press : `` right from the beginning , we did n't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .	4.000
graham , a presidential candidate , was criticized by several republicans as ''politicizing '' the report .	graham , who co-chaired the inquiry , is a presidential candidate .	2.250
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the example of the original rapporteur and shared by many colleagues , is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct needed to create , between insurers , the forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of high-quality care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers .	4.400
as a result , 24 players broke par in the first round .	twenty-four players broke par in the first round , the third highest figure in u.s. open history .	3.000
the man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle .	a man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword .	5.000
with marshall - 8 weeks ( but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal ) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt .	i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy , we would n't of had one .	1.67
syria tells russia some troops have pulled out of homs	syria says troops have begun pullout – video	3.4
greece to vote on 2013 budget ; protesters gather	greece to vote on 2013 budget	3.6
almagor blasts netanyahu over prisoner release	yacimovich urges cabinet to approve palestinian prisoners release	1.4
car bomb in northern syria kills at least 12	syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in aleppo	2.00
because the terminals are not in a closed path , so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	1.60
talk or behave amorously ; have sex with .	talk or behave amorously , without serious intentions .	3.000
delhi gang rape suspect 'beaten , poisoned '	delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again	1.8
black cow walking under trees in pasture .	cow walking under the tree in a pasture .	3.8
a man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle .	a man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle .	3.6
engrave by means of dots .	engrave by means of dots and flicks .	4.500
actually , it 's much more easier to count the one not on the same continent .	that is also the recommended strategy for marathons , if you are going for time .	0.00
this frame is for objects , physical or otherwise , which are used to grant access to some location or function .	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock ;	0.8
the quality of dissimilarity	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar .	4.500
provide with rails , as by laying .	lay with rails .	3.500
iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	iran vows to preserve `` peaceful '' nuclear program	1.6
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for .	4.4
germany welcomes iran nuclear agreement	syria welcomes iran 's nuclear deal	1.80
nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some infiniti cars	4
only new jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones , pagers or other wireless devices while driving .	in addition , the ntsb also recommended to nhtsa that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving .	1.400
since being drafted into service in 1971 , it has racked up a record 45 accidents , with 393 deaths .	it has a chequered safety record , including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths .	1.333
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of damaging something or someone .	1
a man is playing soccer .	a man is drawing some figures .	0.400
a contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions .	a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment .	3.8
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is cleaning a garden .	0.267
the polar bear is sliding on the snow .	a polar bear is sliding across the snow .	5.000
the power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil ? nytimes : swarming a book online	a casualty on the battlefield of amazon ? s partisan book reviews	0.6
at least 6 dead in canada bus , train crash	at least 6 dead in paris train crash	2.20
different paths with the battery	b and c are in the same path with the battery	1.40
three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .	a man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .	0.60
the new bill would have medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $ 5,100 .	above that , seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $ 3,600 .	1.800
east harlem explosion death toll rises	mexico storm death toll continues to rise	0.00
i 've located an article that might be of some help : http : //www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/	i found some link that might be of help to you :	3
a man is slicing a tomato .	a man is slicing a bun .	2.000
north korea fires three short-range missiles	n. korea fires short-range missiles	3.80
heavy smog hits north china city , flights cancelled	heavy smog hits north china city , flights canceled	5.00
the battery is on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	3.20
refuse to recognize something as valid ( not a person ) .	the power to use something or someone .	0
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is cleaning a glass door .	0.400
`` i am proud that i stood against richard nixon , not with him , '' kerry said .	`` i marched in the streets against richard nixon and the vietnam war , '' she said .	2.400
former alaska gov sarah palin is no long a commentator for fox news	fox news and sarah palin part ways	4.4
while withdrawing the resolution , however , i express the conviction that this parliament would have made its voice heard better if , in anticipation of the council of nice , it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the intergovernmental conference , instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the council agenda .	in withdrawing our resolution , i am , however , convinced that our parliament would have made its voice heard in dedicating , in view of the nice council , a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution including also all the other points of the agenda of the council .	4.600
georgians vote for new president	ally of georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit polls	2.60
`` tomorrow at the mission inn , i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california .	`` i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california , and i 'm looking forward to it . ''	4.000
oscar pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison	'bookkeeper of auschwitz ' sentenced to four years in prison	0
a man rides a horse .	a woman rubs a baby 's leg .	0.000
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	, the parliament adopted the legislative resolution --	5.000
death toll rises to 29 in india 's mumbai building collapse	death toll rises to 12 in indonesia mine collapse	0.60
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .	1.60
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms ( 22 pounds ) of heroin .	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms ( 24 pounds ) of heroin .	2.4
turkey president appeals for calm	texas house provisionally approves abortion law	0.00
the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr lost 11/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on monday .	further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr shed 18/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent .	2.200
`` but hrt should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition . ''	`` the clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease , '' manson said .	2.600
the word ( s ) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that .	the specified day of the month ;	0.8
has to do something with a gap	terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	2.00
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a .	bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery	1.60
in other markets , u.s. treasuries started off on monday weaker , as stocks rose early .	in other markets , u.s. treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt .	1.400
and when poor shirley was forced to resign , fox comes out with a report , just tonight , that obama threw an `` innocent '' woman under the bus .	the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus .	2.20
there are two things to consider :	a couple things to consider :	5
a person is mixing water and flour .	a person is hitchhiking on a road .	0.800
the dont identify me as a real preson , ..	governments exist for a reason .	0.00
the state of being retained	the state of being connected .	1.3
he arrives later this week on the first state visit by a us president .	mr bush arrives on tuesday on the first state visit by an american president .	3.000
the very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries , having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves .	the situation is worsening , when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs .	4.400
that is what we have done : we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to article 272 ; the financial perspective has been maintained , even though we have used the flexibility instrument .	it is what we did : we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272 ; the financial perspectives were maintained , even if we used the flexibility instrument .	4.600
a das air cargo plane sits on the runway .	a passenger plane parked on a runway .	3.2
russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england	2
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is appropriate that the european union means and that it should do so quickly .	4.750
it is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services , will last .	the safeguarding of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long .	3.200
the state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of mcgrath .	the state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near mcgrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .	3.200
a man is kicking a soccer ball .	a man is performing tricks with a soccer ball .	2.600
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience	be fully aware or cognizant of .	2.250
china 's troubled xinjiang hit by more violence	china 's online population rises to 618 mln	0.40
yeah , we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs .	maher : america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs ' | newsbusters.org	4.71
because there is no closed path to the battery	the path is not closed	3.20
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication .	5
the company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .	the company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .	4.200
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years .	4.600
it breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	a damaged bulb creates a gap	2.00
the movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling .	both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers .	1.80
france to ban child beauty pageants	facebook to test mobile payments service	0.40
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	often we are proud of representing europe 's citizens .	4.750
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	report van orden ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
so in his state of the union address in january , bush declared that the british government `` has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . ''	in his jan. 28 state of the union message , bush said , `` the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . ''	4.000
two kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash	0.8
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself .	we can also note the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled , one of these recent books against democracy itself .	5.000
how do i prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?	how do i install a new interior partition wall ?	1
ponder , consider , observe carefully	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning .	3.250
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not .	ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure , not bernanke .	4.750
`` pnc regrets its involvement '' in the deals , chairman and chief executive officer james rohr said in a statement .	james rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , said pnc regretted the incident .	4.333
a gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera .	the cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera .	4
there is an urgent need , following the recent attacks on the greek minority in himara , to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in albania .	the recent incidents against the greek minority of himara make more imperative the need to promote democratisation measures , of institution building and respect for the rights of the man in albania .	4.600
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive .	5.000
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal	6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off indonesia	1
senators can return to playoffs with victory	messi scores 4 to send guardiola off with victory	1.4
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something .	0.2
kinship care & siblings : after # fostercare yrs , a woman becomes a role model for her sisters	the neediest cases : after foster care , becoming a role model for her sisters	4.4
circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path .	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	3.60
a woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd .	a woman rides an elephant .	3.000
israel agrees to extend gaza truce by four hours	israel , hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce	2.60
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of spending or disbursing money .	0
former spokesman for u.s. president ronald reagan dies	former reagan spokesman larry speakes dies at 74	4.2
where there is a difference in electrical state , that is where the gap in the connection is .	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	4
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious .	1.8
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	there is a path containing a , c , z and x	1.40
bulb a will burn out with bulb c	if c burns out , then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery .	2.17
the photo present in this article , was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms of rest reserved for employees to microsoft 's redmond .	the photo in this article , was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms reserved for employees of microsoft at redmond .	5
this is a pretty amazing read . # howstuffworks nytimes : coins , bills and the national debt	economix blog : bruce bartlett : accounting for a $ 1 trillion platinum coin	0.8
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	3.40
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this parliament has , however , also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexible framework , set out in a statement on the financial perspective .	3.800
a group of people eat at a table outside .	a group of elderly people pose around a dining table .	2.6
a person dices up an orange pepper .	the cook is slicing bell peppers .	1.800
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon .	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon .	2.6
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	alps attack : girl returns to uk	4
act , form , or progress according to a plan or ideal	shape or influence ; give direction to .	2.250
klarman was arrested by fbi agents in the hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of new york city .	klarman was arrested by fbi agents monday morning at his home in new york .	4.000
where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .	`` whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , '' myers said .	4.200
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event . in many cases , a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs .	contend against an opponent in a sport , game , or battle ;	0
agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the u.s. department of agriculture .	u.s. agriculture secretary ann veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday .	3.750
an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal . alternatively , a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression .	activity directed toward making or doing something ;	1.2
if a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .	a document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .	2
select images from bangladesh building collapse	at least 200 killed in bangladesh building collapse	1.4
follow one 's own or another 's path	go one 's own way ; move apart .	3.6
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we maintain unanimity in the council and therefore a latent inability to act .	4.167
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the overriding goal and secondary objectives , will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the commission .	5.000
try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully .	try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury .	4.250
obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	u.s. relaxes deportation rules for young people : napolitano	4
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual .	2.8
travel in front of , be first , precede	travel in front of ; go in advance of others .	4.333
boston bombing suspect buried in virginia	boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery	5
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is of our duty to continue to support latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	5.00
personnel casualty	military personnel lost by death or capture .	2.250
from the first discussions on this dossier , which were held at european level at the initiative of the european parliament , the commission has given a commitment to the member states to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a european police culture , grounded in the highest standards of duty , respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime .	since the first thoughts on this issue , which were held at european level on the initiative of the european parliament , the commission is committed to member states to promote an action intended to develop what we could consider a european police culture , focused on the highest standards in terms of ethics , human rights and freedoms , and efficiency in the fight against crime .	4.800
a woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.118
goal or objective	the goal intended to be attained ( and which is believed to be attainable ) .	3.750
obama widens lead over romney despite jobs data : reuters/ipsos poll	romney takes lead over obama with convention `` bounce '' : reuters/ipsos poll	1
nytimes : what we don ’ t know is killing us -could n't agree more ! e.g. , research on ipv homicides & guns is critical .	editorial : what we don ? t know is killing us	3.4
mandela remains in hospital	mandela remains in 'intensive care '	3.60
i 've had this same problem .	i had this same situation .	3
senate confirms obama nominee to key appeals court	senate approves obama nominee to key appeals court	5
two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street wednesday by cutting through a fence , a corrections department official said .	a convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street .	3.500
the black bird is sitting on the ground .	the bird is sitting on the branch .	2.5
it 's pretty difficult to imagine a person with social anxiety disorder being an extrovert .	on the surface , it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion should n't both exist in the same person .	4.20
chinese president meets indian vice president	chinese president meets u.s. state secretary	1.60
a 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .	the 25 percent hike takes annual uc undergraduate tuition to $ 4,794 and graduate fees to $ 5,019 .	2.500
there is also conditional probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .	the pagerank is a recursive algorithm used by google to determine which webpages are more important than others .	0
ask yourself what you look for in a friend too .	i went out & found new friends .	1.60
fbi agents arrested a former partner of big four accounting firm ernst & young erny.ul on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , u.s. officials said on thursday .	a former partner of accountancy firm ernst & young was yesterday arrested by fbi agents in the us on charges of obstructing federal investigations .	4.600
golden globes : how did tina fey and amy poehler do as hosts ?	golden globes kick off hollywood award season	2
readers , however , have the advantage of having an order easy .	mp3 players , however , have the advantage of having easy controls .	0
amen ! `` : good news ... . my shero robin roberts plans february return to 'good morning america ' ``	media decoder blog : robin roberts plans february return to 'gma '	4.2
russian coal mines seek new outlets in china	russian foreign minister to meet un chief	0.40
the who experts did n't say how many cases in hebei were in rural areas .	hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths , though the who experts did not say how many were in rural areas .	3.000
a kid is playing guitar .	a boy is playing a guitar .	3.800
the uk labour members of the pes group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .	. the british labour members of the pse group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the igc on closer cooperation , without adhere entirely with all the details of this .	4.400
nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons .	the ussr growth rate during the 50 's was not exceptionally high .	1.00
aww ? : britney spears calls off engagement ?	britney spears , jason trawick call off engagement	4.4
plane crash site search called off for the night	tour de france pack sets off for stage 15	0
egypt court orders release of mubarak	egypt court orders mubarak freed	5
syrian war seen dragging on for years	syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners	1.00
a passenger train waiting at the city train station .	a passenger train with a yellow engine .	1.8
an animate agent utters with a spitting sound , as if in a rage .	utter with a spitting sound , as if in a rage .	3.4
the report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 .	the report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .	1.750
strong new quake hits shattered pak region	6.8 quake in shattered pakistan region	4.40
awe - one of the original `` bloggers '' passes away . pauline phillips , adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94	4.2
for # armstrong it 's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always . # doprah	for armstrong , a confession without explanation	1
a close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree .	a close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle .	0
israeli teens missing in west bank	israel finds bodies of three missing teens in west bank	2.80
a man is running on the road .	a panda dog is running on the road .	1.667
travel ( as if ) through water .	move as if through a sieve .	1.4
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation .	4.000
8 arrested after deadly bangladesh building collapse	workers protest after bangladesh building collapse	2.2
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of raising something .	2
a woman is sitting in the water .	the woman is skating in the park .	0.80
the updated products include pylon pro , pylon conduit , pylon anywhere , and pylon application server .	the new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of pylon conduit and pylon pro .	2.800
you should take this animal to a vet right away .	as covered in the other answers , your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done .	3.60
world‚äôs largest building opened in west china	italy‚äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote	0.00
what is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?	what is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?	0
nations unified by shared interests , history or institutions	a group of nations having common interests .	3.250
which way does the air flow through my furnace ?	which way does air flow into a furnace ?	4
make purer , more intense , as by removal of extraneous elements	make dirty or spotty , as by exposure to air ; also used metaphorically .	0.2
hispanics , the fastest growing ethnic group in the us , have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the us , according to newly released government figures .	hispanics have officially overtaken african americans as the largest minority group in the us , according to a report released by the us census bureau .	3.500
calorie bomb on the menu will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals	9 calorie bombs at restaurants	3.4
a state of being encircled	the state of being excommunicated .	0
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication .	5
north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	north korea blocks access to key industrial zone	4.20
a man running on a track .	a man running track	5.00
mr president , i voted for the garcía-margallo y marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce .	mr president , i voted for the garcía-margallo y marfil report , which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means .	4.400
the effort is the bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services .	july 10 - the bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs .	3.250
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .	economists ' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .	5.000
a man is cutting a paper .	a person is tearing paper .	2.583
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected	3.60
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term , that 's fine .	government spying on its own citizens , that 's fine .	1.2
if you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all .	if not , do n't do that and spend that time with something you like to do .	1
( science ) the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element .	the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element ; the standard is 8 for oxygen .	3.500
the embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by september 2006 .	the bombardier and embraer aircraft will be delivered to u.s. airways by september 2006 .	3.000
bulb had a short circuit	there is a complete circuit	1.00
a man is rinsing a steak .	a man is playing a guitar .	0.600
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .	a smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .	3.20
a sheep beside a road and a lake .	a sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background .	3
a woman peels garlic with her hands .	the woman is slicing herbs .	1.000
wtf ? ? » `` : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.2
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia 's application of european arms control treaty .	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .	4.4
supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .	4.4
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .	in a statement the british ministry of defense stated -- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .	3.4
the price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .	at the same time , in europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .	0
mayor says 14 dead in texas fertilizer plant blast	rescuers search for survivors of texas fertiliser plant blast	1.4
egyptians vote to pick president for first time	egyptians wait for key presidential vote results	2.6
judge leroy millette jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when muhammad is formally sentenced feb. 12 , but virginia judges rarely take such action .	though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole , experts say virginia judges rarely take that opportunity .	3.250
it must be in a closed path .	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	2.60
officials : romney to get secret service protection	obama addresses secret service scandal	0.6
in standard english , i think `` do n't got '' has the same register as `` ai n't '' .	i 'd say the expression i do n't got ... is generally rare in spoken ame .	2.20
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i insist on this point because the market can not regulate all and that , accordingly , it does not have there nor can not have there of competition without limits .	4.800
a goose flapping its wings in a body of water .	a black swan flapping its wings on the water .	3
a group of people are sweeping water out of a house .	people are sweeping water out of a house .	5.000
my teachers have told me it is bad for you .	officers have told me its bad for you .	2.2
a dog swims in the water .	three dogs swim in the water .	3.20
a cat is on a robot .	a man is eating bread .	0.000
the future is perhaps promising .	but of course this is the future .	1
the priest , the rev . john f. johnston , 64 , of 35th avenue in jackson heights , was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .	the rev . john johnston , 64 , was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon , according to a police statement .	3.750
the animal is eating .	a woman is dancing .	0.000
new # facebook changes afoot - not to your profile ( phew ! ) - rather a new feature , # graphsearch .	facebook introduces 'graph search '	3.4
an open switch means the circuit is not a closed path .	the path is not closed	3.00
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it is appropriate that the european union is involved and that it makes it quickly .	4.750
bulb c was in an open path ,	bulb c was not in a closed path	4.80
a man is playing a large flute .	a man is playing a flute .	3.800
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .	this does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help .	4.500
there 's not a lot you can do about that .	there 's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter .	2
so far , they have searched pennsylvania , ohio , michigan , illinois and indiana , authorities in those state said .	so far , authorities also have searched areas in pennsylvania , ohio , indiana , and michigan .	3.750
bradley cooper and jj abrams in talks about filming a lance armstrong biopic	bradley cooper in talks to play lance armstrong in biopic	4
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 .	however , the american courts accused a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may .	3.000
hrw : jordan turning away palestinian refugees from syria	report : jordan biased over palestinians from syria	2.2
china launches first air-to-air missile from chopper	china court sentences bo xilai to life imprisonment for corruption	0.6
in the gowanus canal , a dolphin	dolphin swimming in gowanus canal	4.4
two men on boat floating on the water .	a wooden yacht on the ocean .	1.8
at long last , the truth ... armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials	4.2
the battery is in a closed path .	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	1.40
so far , georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .	georgia has received all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the fbi .	3.750
roy moore , the suspended chief justice of the alabama supreme court , stood accused but unrepentant wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over .	moore , the suspended chief justice of the alabama supreme court , stands trial before the alabama court of the judiciary .	3.800
coroner : whitney houston died in bathtub	coroner confirms whitney houston found in bathtub	4.5
ruffner , 45 , does n't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .	ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .	5.000
regulation get the government into everything .	`` get the government into everything ? ''	2.4
conscious subjective emotion or desire	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion .	4.000
whilst bayesians describe probabilities in terms of beliefs and degrees of uncertainty .	at the same time , bayesians describe probabilities in terms of beliefs and degrees of uncertainty .	5
a boy is playing a key-board .	a little boy is playing a keyboard .	4.800
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch x .	4.80
a big green ball knocks a potato over .	a large green ball hits a potato .	4.000
france says wo n't 'shirk responsibilities ' in syria	france urges eu to be united on syria	2.60
i should like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , mr brok , for his clear , comprehensive report .	i thank the rapporteur for the committee on foreign affairs , mr brok , for his clear and comprehensive report .	3.800
pakistani taliban chief killed in us drone strike	funeral for pakistan taliban chief 'set to take place '	1.60
area of damaged , cut tissue on a living body	a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat .	0.500
administrator , one who controls resources	someone who controls resources and expenditures .	3.500
ehud olmert , former israeli prime minister , sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	ehud olmert sentenced to six years in israel	3.80
breathe in , breathe out , move on .	buwhahahaha breathe in , breathe out , move on .	4.4
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .	the fishers are inactive , tired and disappointed .	5.000
a state of confusion or disorder .	throw into great confusion or disorder .	3.4
the two-year note us2yt=rr fell 5/32 in price , taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on monday .	the benchmark 10-year note us10yt=rr lost 11/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on monday .	2.000
the damaged bulb creates a gap in the path .	a damaged bulb creates a gap	4.20
india and china troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	india says china agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal	4.20
vodafone heads rather its attention on the performance of the requests for its own 3g licences .	vodafone heads rather its attention on obtaining its own 3g licences .	4
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism .	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism .	4.2
thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .	the other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .	0
the study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online , representing 35 % of all web advertising .	in the second quarter , consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online , slightly increasing their share .	3.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written .	that is the spirit in which must be worked out the european constitution .	4.500
very humbling indeed - happens to everyone .	laws should be for everyone .	0.00
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal .	the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months .	2.4
sharpen a razor with a strap	sharpen with a strap .	3.250
dozens feared trapped in india building collapse	rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in india building collapse	3
holder filed a three-page letter .	the judges orders a three-page letter to be filed .	2.8
the man is putting chicken into the container .	a man is putting foods in a box .	2.500
leaving aside heath care angle , you are working from a flawed premise that waging war does n't save lives .	healthcare they would probably reject your implied claim that obama 's healthcare law will save lives .	1.60
your confusion does n't make me a liar .	then your confusion does n't make me a liar either .	3.8
the dog is barking at the toy .	a dog is barking at an electronic toy duck .	3.500
eric gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by greg norton .	closer eric gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth .	3.600
a person on a snowmobile .	a person on a snowmobile in mid jump .	3.60
china trade returns to surplus in march	tense calm returns to south tel aviv	0
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object .	4
a small monkey walks through water .	a monkey is wading across a marsh .	3.400
positively-charged center part of an atom	the positively charged dense center of an atom .	4.6
a man is eating a banana by a tree .	a man is eating a banana .	4.000
suspected boko haram suicide bombers in nigeria kill 24	suspected boko haram attacks kill dozens in nigeria	4
brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	brazil leader promises reform vote	1.6
this is interesting - nytimes : parents ? financial support may not help college grades	parents ? financial support linked to college grades	3.6
a girl is making eyelid .	a woman is applying eyeshadow .	2.000
kittens are eating food .	kittens are eating from dishes .	4.000
north korea turns its ire on the south # north # south # korea # un # sanctions # war # r2ph	north korea turns its ire on south korea	4.6
obama pledges to reignite economy	obama to press congress to act on economy	2.6
sheriff : man recovers stolen car 42 years later	us man recovers car 42 years after theft	4
three dogs running on a racetrack .	three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .	4.80
new sex claim hits secret service	new rules for us secret service	1.8
last year , cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated cuban musicians received u.s. visas on time to attend the grammys in los angeles .	cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated cuban musicians received u.s. visas in time to attend the latin grammys .	3.800
he will replace ron dittemore , who announced his resignation april 23 .	dittemore announced his plans to resign on april 23 .	2.600
a black and white dog is running on the beach .	the black and brown dog is running through the snow .	1.80
a man mixes vegetables in a pot .	a person is stirring vegetables in a pot .	3.750
the government does not determine if you are married or not .	the government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married .	3.6
we have started to exchange ideas on this question , from which it has emerged that all the member states want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement .	we have started to have exchanges on this issue , it emerges that all the member states wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement .	4.600
death toll climbs to 15 in indonesia boat sinking	indonesia : death toll rises to 11 in indonesia boat capsize	3.6
the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic . words in this frame denote events of verbal communication , but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument .	to hear and understand ;	2.6
needs thinking about .	know what im talking about .	0.60
the consensus among wall street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share .	analysts surveyed by first call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .	3.000
about 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .	the jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire .	3.200
evacuation went smoothly , although passengers were n't told what was going on , hunt said .	passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .	4.400
israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire	israel agrees to 24-hour gaza truce	3
russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	russia says ballistic 'objects ' fired in mediterranean	1.40
man crapping killed in fall between subway cars	train kills man in 125th street subway station	2
this means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .	they do not have to be written in a computer language .	0
`` the figures are becoming catastrophic , '' said dr. patrick pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physicians .	this is unacceptable , '' said patrick pelloux , the president of france 's association of emergency doctors .	2.500
look of the moment : # taylorswift	t magazine : look of the moment | taylor swift	4.4
some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions .	other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions .	1.6
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing .	4.250
you answered your own question .	you 've answered your own question already .	5
a boat sails along the water .	the man is playing the guitar .	0.000
it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways .	it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways ... and	0.00
a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .	a young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .	4.60
cite as an authority ; resort to ( as in an argument ) .	cite as an authority ; resort to .	5.000
the settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .	plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .	4.500
israel launches airstrike in gaza	israel launches air strikes near damascus	3
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem .	3
forbid , prohibit	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper ) .	2.250
state of being unclothed , naked	the act of climbing something .	0
a man is standing in water near a waterfall .	a man wades in the water and watches a water fall .	3.40
move in such a way as to avoid	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid .	4
to make a great mental or physical effort	make a great effort at a mental or physical task .	4.8
what are some good strength exercises for marathon runners ?	what are some good strength training routines for runners ?	4
a woman is slicing an onion .	a man is cutting an onion .	2.750
i 'm american , and i 've never heard the bathroom referred to as st. john 's .	in situations like these , i tend to lengthen out the phrase .	0.00
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history .	spain has developed in a way the positive extremely difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between europe and north africa and between spain and morocco .	3.800
afghan , us govts sign deal on controversial night raid	afghans , us sign deal on night raids	3.8
baseball : strike out a batter	strike out ( a batter ) , ( of a pitcher ) .	4.000
nytimes : debunking darwin . was he wrong about dating ? # sex # gender	opinion : darwin was wrong about dating	3.8
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable . this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation ; see below .	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category ;	0.4
supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .	supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .	4.750
bulbs a and b are not within the same path as bulb c .	bulb c is in a separate path	3.40
make certain the failure or destruction of ; destine	make certain of the failure or destruction of .	4.8
kill off the weak , and shit wo n't cost so much for the rest of us .	i 'm terrified , and dh does n't talk about it much but he 's nervous too .	0.00
a europe for all	a europe for all	4.714
be affected with smut or mildew	affect with smut or mildew , as of a crop such as corn .	3.750
many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .	a busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .	2.40
on the other hand , we would like to be given a chance to prove to europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia on our own , by recognising the genuine principles of democracy .	in addition , we would like to have a chance to prove to the europe that we are in a position to alone the cause of serbia and montenegro within yugoslavia , while recognizing the principles .	2.800
the battery is not in a closed path .	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	3.80
liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in shanghai	liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in shanghai	4.6
`` : samsung profit at record $ 6.6 billion ``	samsung profit soars to $ 6.6b record	4.8
syrian forces bombard homs , russia warns of civil war	syrian forces bombard homs , lavrov arrives for talks	2.6
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a blue jay standing in a grassy field .	0.6
it is impossible to answer this question without a form check .	this is a part answer to your question	0
be shiny ; be a physical or metaphorical source of light .	shine brightly , like a star or a light .	4.6
two men are fighting in a cow pasture .	two men are fighting in a cattle pen .	4.000
a young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain .	a woman is getting her hair done at a salon .	0.00
police fire tear gas at protesters in bangkok	police fire tear gas at protesters	3.00
are you saying that if a government does n't break up a monopoly ( cable ) , it is enforcing the monopoly ?	anyone thinking our government is not run by money , is a fool .	1.20
the woman is shooting a machine gun .	the man is shooting a gun .	2.000
young boys running along the pavement .	a black dog running along the edge of the ocean .	0.50
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is right in saying that the committee on legal affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % .	4.500
sorry , agw has been proven .	agw has not been proven .	1.80
change the rules = prez romney : “ : electoral college changes would pose danger 4 democrats ”	fivethirtyeight : electoral college changes would pose danger for democrats	3
the man danced in the diner .	the bomb exploded in the desert .	0.000
us state department faulted over benghazi	state dept security chief resigns after benghazi	2.4
bulb a is on a closed circut path	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	4.00
make something more diverse or varied	make something more diverse and varied .	5.000
chim : a vivid retrospective of post war europe # photography	chim : a vivid retrospective of europe	3.6
daily press briefing : south sudan	daily press briefing : syria	1.2
`` they were brutally beaten , and it 's really a wonder that porchia is the only deceased in this case . ''	`` it 's a wonder that porchia was the only deceased in this case , '' sax added .	3.000
a social system of production , distribution and consumption	the system of production and distribution and consumption .	4.4
morsi ? s slurs against jews in 2010 uncovered	morsi ? s slurs against jews stir concern	3.6
a man lays on the ground and aims a rifle .	a man is spreading butter on a tortilla .	0.000
: popular gun nut* shot dead in own home , nra thinks he needed more guns	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	2.8
literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status .	raise in rank , character , or status .	3.750
form a spiral or move in a spiral course .	to wind or move in a spiral course .	4.8
an indication of something , evidence	an indication of some hidden activity .	1.8
# breaking : # police clash with # protesters calling for dissolution of # pakistan 's government -	police , protesters clash in pakistan	4
provide , raise , or supply funds to	obtain or provide money for .	4.4
a girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs .	a little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .	0.20
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
housing starts up 6.8 % in may	may housing starts up 6.8 %	4.6
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries , i would ask you , madam president , to send parliament ' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both brittany and in marín , galicia , from where the majority of the victims came .	madam president , i ask you , on behalf of my colleagues in the committee on fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities of both brittany and of marín , city of galicia , which is from the majority of the victims .	4.800
algerian president in france for medical tests	algerian president in france for medical tests after minor stroke	3.60
ms. cripps-prawak left last friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .	the director of the office of medical access , cindy cripps-prawak , left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors ' offices .	4.250
the bald eagle is perched on a rope .	two bald eagles perched on a branch .	2.6
unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .	other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance .	3.750
a woman is riding on a horse .	a man is turning over tables in anger .	0.000
declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	the statements must be followed by specific actions to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	5.000
he has n't been funny in years .	he has n't been funny since larry bud melman was on the show .	3.4
i have never read anything that said teethers were bad -- where did you read that ?	we used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids .	1.40
i hope this is nothing .	i hope everything is ok !	2
we switched the terminals around .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	0.80
a brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth .	a grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .	3.20
a ceremony marking admission into a religious community .	a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church .	2.800
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	it did not exist not more qualified majority within this parliament to come back to the item 272 .	5.000
two dogs playing by the shore .	two dogs playing in the snow .	2.80
create code or computer programs	create code , write a computer program .	4.6
quartet calls on israelis , palestinians to end irritants	occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of palestinian land in deir estia	1.4
declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective .	take away the legal force of or render ineffective .	4.6
a man jumping rope	a man is talking .	0.400
queen to name biggest ever carrier	queen names giant aircraft carrier	4.20
a man is playing a piano .	a person is playing the piano .	4.400
a person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam .	a brown horse is standing on grass and scrub .	0
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute .	the former version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’ ) will only most perceptively .	5.000
a poll showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against gop opponent sam katz .	a poll released this week showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort .	4.000
kenya supreme court upholds election result	kenya sc upholds election result	5
this should n't be the problem that it is . ready-set-go . nytimes : as disabled athletes compete , questions of logistics	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness	3.2
do n't people ever learn ?	we do n't have a college record ?	0.00
some syria violence amounts to civil war-red cross	some syria violence qualifies as civil war -red cross	4.4
finally a little respect for vets ! wal-mart plans to hire any veteran who wants a job	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans	4
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
sen. feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons :	senator unveils bill to limit semiautomatic arms	3.4
a girl is reading a newspaper .	a chef is peeling a potato .	0.000
china 's yuan rises to new high against usd wednesday	china 's yuan advances to 6.3103 against usd wednesday	3.8
a man and a woman walk through the woods .	the man and woman are walking .	3.000
a hockey player looks intently downward .	a hockey player during a game .	2.00
this is a vague area , and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force , and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments .	it is not clear on this point , and it is not impossible that can also remain in force for more restrictive provisions . this is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments .	3.750
a man is selling items .	a man is cleaning the house .	0.800
that 's what the data available shows .	that 's what the historical record shows .	3.6
the great thing about living here is there 's space .	the bad thing is there 's space .	1.8
action is needed quickly , which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda .	there is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda .	5.000
examine minutely ; search diligently	examine minutely .	3.500
two teenage girls , one is smiling .	a little girl on a kid swing .	0.80
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	5.000
attack kills 12 in afghanistan	nato : 3 troops killed in afghanistan attack	2.40
the gulf 's 'green ' buildings # amman # cnn	coolest green buildings in the gulf	4
suicide bomber kills 13 in russia 's south	suicide bomber kills 16 in russia ’ s volgograd	1.8
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	a and c are not in the same path with the battery	0.80
freedom of speech has consequences !	if freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free .	2.11111111111111
the release of pressure built up during a stop consonant .	the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant .	3.500
what is the difference between a stock and a bond ?	what is the difference between a riff and a lick ?	0
a man is cutting grass .	a clown is singing .	0.000
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often take pride here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.833
microsoft 's windows 8 sales are ok , not great	microsoft 's windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	3.4
he also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the north korean nuclear crisis peacefully .	but the north korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office .	2.000
the voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals .	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	1.00
read more : you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?	you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?	4.8
a small red car on top of a semi truck .	red sports car on top of white semi truck .	4
a train is at a train station .	a train in a station .	5
sony ericsson also said it would shut down its gsm/umts r & d center in munich , germany , to increase profitability .	sony ericsson also said it plans to close its r & d site in munich , germany , for gsm and umts handsets .	3.800
in probability theory , bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .	bayes theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .	3
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .	a close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe .	3
china quake : death toll rises	china flu death toll rises to six	1.4
the high court of truro has stated that he regularly bound his step-daughter , stéphanie randle , during her childhood , when she was between 5 and 7 years old .	the high court of truro has referred he linked regularly its beautiful daughter , stéphanie randle , during his childhood , 5 to 7 years .	2
they produce nothing i can eat , wear , live in .	think about all the things you ca n't `` eat , wear , or live in '' .	2.2
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter .	a small bird perched on an icy branch .	4.2
these are interesting studies , but the bottom line is : yes , environment affects cognitive abilities .	i 'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity , but i absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think .	1.60
a women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background .	a woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table .	2.6
thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 ( bloomberg ) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april .	thaksin `` red shirts '' gather again in bangkok bangkok , april 25 ( reuters ) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago .	2.80
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .	but the returns that make american securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance .	4.750
chicago teachers strike : vacations for students , for good or ill	chicago teacher strike poses test for unions	2.2
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	they can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .	1
43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in india	1.6
a black and white cat playing with a blanket .	a black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn .	2.2
the president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in saudi arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven americans .	bush , however , also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in saudi arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of americans .	3.200
( cause to ) separate into constituents , weaken , or destroy specifically by soaking .	separate into constituents by soaking .	3.2
vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	in vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .	1
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce .	spain currently holds the osce 's presidency .	4.2
italy soldiers die in afghanistan	two uk soldiers killed in afghanistan	1.4
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high .	a man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him .	3.4
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it depends on what you want to achieve .	3
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting .	0.2
in the year-ago period , pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .	a year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds .	3.182
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities .	and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities .	4.60
libyan government retakes tripoli airport	libyan militia takes control of tripoli airport	3.2
there is a gap between the two bulb terminals	the terminals are separated by a gap	4.17
a rider is running and jumping her horse .	a woman jumps hurdles on a horse .	4.000
an arrest warrant claimed bryant assaulted the woman june 30 at a hotel .	according to an arrest warrant , bryant , 24 , attacked a woman on june 30 .	4.250
you should do it .	you should never do it .	1
are you driving one ?	are you driving a fucking volt ?	2.6
large black and white cat resting on a windowsill .	a small white cat sitting in a sink .	1.8
leave it to a lawyer from # lakechuck to get justice thomas to break his silence .	clarence thomas breaks silence on bench	3
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something	the act of changing one thing for another thing .	0
19 killed , 42 wounded in violent attacks in iraq	43 killed , 86 wounded in attacks in iraq	2.80
queen visits britain 's new prince	queen meets britain 's new baby prince	5.00
a man is playing on his keyboard .	a man is playing a guitar .	1.400
the battery is not in the closed path	the battery in 4 is not in a closed path	4
the longer telegraphic signal of morse code	the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in morse code .	4.500
how do you remove paint from hair ?	how do i remove paint from pipes ?	2
and perhaps we will cease to call ourselves more expensive than the rest of europe .	and perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of europe .	2
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated .	0
a man-made artifact , digital or physical , which is used to display information presented via the object .	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view	2
the breakup or termination of a social relationship	the termination or disintegration of a relationship ( between persons or nations ) .	3.750
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .	5.00
i believe one can not taste the difference between minced ( canned ) and fresh garlic once it is cooked .	in my experience , fresh garlic is great for when you want texture , or to slow down the flavour infusion .	1.80
u.s. has determined syria used chemical weapons	un votes to eliminate syria 's chemical weapons	2.8
the black and white bull is looking at the camera .	a black and white dog looking at the camera .	2
what does it mean ?	but what does that mean for the emotions ?	3
a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse .	a man with a top hat riding a white horse .	3.6
a woman cuts up broccoli .	a woman is cutting broccoli .	5.000
deadline passes with no new iran sanctions	eu moves closer to new iran sanctions	1.6
obama endorses same-sex marriage	obama 's delicate dance on same-sex marriage	2.6
a trigger elicits a response . the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event .	meet by design ; be present at the arrival of ;	0
ukraine‚äôs pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regime 's ouster	1.40
`` it 's a huge black eye , '' said publisher arthur ochs sulzberger jr. , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .	`` it 's a huge black eye , '' arthur sulzberger , the newspaper 's publisher , said of the scandal .	3.600
you are not disclosing key info .	no you are not .	2
rslw : because they are horrible , fascist skin head brutes .	vor : you do n't think of them as horrible , fascist brutes ?	2.00
china yuan weakens to 6.3282 against usd monday	china yuan retreats to 6.2697 against usd thursday	2.8
us drone kills six militants in pakistan : officials	us missiles kill 15 in pakistan : officials	2.4
a parrot is talking .	a parrot is talking into a microphone .	3.000
as i wrote above , it 's hard to rate this wall .	unlike others , i think the route is pretty well described .	0.20
a kid jumping a ledge with a bike .	a black and white cat playing with a blanket .	0
hosni mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 june	mubarak retrial adjourned to june	4
the room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism .	i 'm english , and would probably use 'toilet ' most of the time , and always in the context of a private home .	1.60
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that -- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs .	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india .	3.6
mayawati demands president 's rule in kashmir	mayawati demands presidents rule in jammu and kashmir	3
the definition of term depends on the application .	the definition of a term depends on the application .	5
elena attack by luca , then the embraces .	to elena , this is the first time , luca already the third or fourth time .	1
the act of putting a preparation on something .	the general outward appearance of something .	0
libya asks un security council for help	kerry calls on un security council to act on syria	2.40
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy .	losing of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition .	4.750
i stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which is why competition is not completely unrestricted , nor should it be .	i stress this because the market can not solve all and that , in this sense , there is no can not be competitive without limits .	4.200
do n't know why i ca n't stop reading about him - a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause	4
just sounds like you 're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes .	if we could only learn from our mistakes !	1.20
supporter , advocate of something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone .	1
nytimes : n.r.a . attacks obama & daughters in video \ repugnant .	n.r.a . attacks obama in video	4
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line finance programmes of mine clearance and prevention for years .	4.000
the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas .	the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming .	0.20
iran 's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes .	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	3.6
collect discarded , refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material .	3.8
in an interview , healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .	in an interview , ms. healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .	4.600
i said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce .	ann romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce .	3.4
and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too .	some politicians are now just preying on human weakness .	0.67
someone is boiling okra in a pot .	someone is cooking okra in a pan .	4.400
the center will be operational in august 2008 .	the center will formally open in 2009 .	2.2
a man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the drums .	1.556
man with knife arrested at entrance to buckingham palace	man charged after buckingham palace arrest	2.2
more forward in a leaping or skipping manner .	move forward by leaps and bounds .	4
in september , hewlett-packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company .	four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with hewlett-packard co .	2.750
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of perceiving the odor of something .	0.8
un says us drones violate pakistan 's sovereignty	un : us drone strikes violate pakistan 's sovereignty	4.4
websites battle nasty comments , anonymity	websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity	3.8
sounds vaguely like paycheck .	sounds almost like greg egan 's quarantine but as far as i know that 's only a novel .	3.4675
a young boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	5
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but i honestly believe that we have made a good start .	one can indeed wish more and better , but i believe very honestly that it is a good start .	4.800
gop candidate romney to call to arm syrian rebels	us helping get arms to syria rebels	2.4
slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the czech republic .	slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that she wants to adhere to the union at the same time as the czech republic .	4.800
bulb a is on its own closed path and bulbs b and c are on the same closed path	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	4.60
however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11 % in flint .	yeah , for toddlers , since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking .	0.00
it 's obvious that you love your daughter and want what 's best .	no it 's just that people like you ca n't be honest .	0.60
they can be out of level by a bit , but flat is important .	yes , although they can be a bit sour .	0
russian parliament allows putin to use military in ukraine	president obama warns russia to stay out of ukraine	1
the thai authorities stopped him at passport control , and in the end , he went to hong kong .	the authorities thaï the bloquèrent the passport control , and in the end , it out hong kong .	2
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	when the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	4.20
a man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .	two dogs running along dirt path .	1.60
a man is playing a guitar .	a guy is playing an instrument .	3.800
a man is playing a violin .	a woman is using a sewing machine .	0.000
under kansas law , it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations .	in the opinion , kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations .	2.750
bulb b and bulb c are contained in different paths with the battery	b and c are in the same path with the battery	1.83
higher than per cent but not very high .	lower than per cent but not very low .	1
scientists prove there is water on mars	has nasa discovered water on mars ?	2
bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and said , `` our journey into space will go on . ''	mr. bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and saying , `` our journey into space will go on . ''	3.600
peeve so we agree that it came down essentially in freefall ?	do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall ?	4
romney vows to restore 'promise of america '	romney promises to 'restore america '	3.8
dynes came to uc san diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with at & t bell labs .	dynes has been at uc san diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with at & t bell labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .	3.600
microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .	shares in microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $ 27.54 from a nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .	3.000
like 99.99 % of your idiotic questions , it does n't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise .	that was a stupid question and did n't deserve and answer..	3.80
southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter , and it ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash .	southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent .	3.176
this frame concerns a cognizer 's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations . it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed .	be aware of the truth of something ; have a belief or faith in something ; regard as true beyond any doubt ;	1.8
philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon	1.40
a really nicely written story : in the subways , a voice to stir the soul	in the subways , geechee dan ? s voice stirs the soul	3.8
excellent step with tricky legal issues.new york lawmakers reach deal on new gun curbs # law # cdnpoli	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws	3
the scent or odor of something	the act of applying force to propel something .	0
awesome jeanne vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by c.i.a . she helped catch a notorious spy , dies at 80	jeanne vertefeuille dies , 80 ; helped catch aldrich ames	3.8
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	0.80
tv weatherman fred talbot arrested over sex claims	weatherman fred talbot held over 'sex abuse '	3.8
people say that naomi is a person with a warm heart .	people that naomi is a person central aim .	2
it was connected to the positive terminal	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	1.40
a small white dog climbs over a log .	a small dog steps onto a log .	2.80
there was a closed path not effected by the switch	there is no path containing both switch y and bulb a	1.20
some results are remarkable .	some are noteworthy results .	4.800
a flock of sheep or goats	a group of sheep or goats .	5
david beckham to retire at end of season	david beckham retires from football	4.40
he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , moriarty thought .	from the top of the embankment , moriarty thought , `` he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold . ''	4.000
cause to move forward with force .	vary or move from a fixed point or course .	3.8
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is driving a car .	0.500
object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .	inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .	3
retreat or move from a position , relocate	remove from a position or office .	2.6
a boat with four sails is sailing on water .	sail boat sailing on the water .	3.6
yes , this is true and yes , in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals , as @ mgn already said .	indefinite articles developed from numerals , and the definite articles developed from demonstratives .	2.60
i think you need to reread what i wrote .	you need to reread what i wrote .	5
a man is climbing a rope .	a man climbs a rope .	5.000
two people dressed in white standing on a grass field .	a person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway .	0.4
the sunshine group ltd represented the developers , the related companies and apollo real estate advisors lp , on the deal .	the developers , the related cos. and apollo real estate advisors , hope sales top $ 1 billion .	1.600
the act of physically affixing or connecting things	the act of fastening things together .	4.000
families stuck on the highway remained in their cars , and used their cell phones to call home .	families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars , and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency .	3.000
a state of confinement in a small space	the act of forcing yourself ( or being forced ) into or through a restricted space .	4.000
a white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake .	large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline .	3
a person who plants or detonates explosives	a person who plants bombs .	3.8
i should also have liked the court of auditors ' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations , for example one or two per chapter .	i would also have liked the report of the court of auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example , one or two recommendations by chapter .	4.600
the union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .	the union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted .	4.600
either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this .	either we are part of the club , we are not and we must , therefore , we have to comply with this .	3.600
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	a business firm that publishes newspapers .	4
a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach	4.60
butter is melting in a pan .	a man is melting butter in a pan .	3.600
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a white dog running over a bridge .	2.00
gun violence is absolute a # publichealth issue . good work , on your gun reform for a generation # itsastart	editorial : president obama ? s plan for gun reform	2.2
moon rocks indicate earth 's orb born of collision	indian minister killed in head-on collision	0.00
ernst & young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .	ernst & young spokesman kenneth kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing .	4.000
a child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave .	a man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .	1.00
tropical storm andrea zipping up the east coast	tropical storm andrea to slide up east coast	4
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern iraq	car bombing kills 14 in northern iraq	1.4
bind or join ( as if ) with cement .	shine intensely , as if with heat .	0.2
a small dog is chasing a yoga ball .	a dog is chasing a ball .	4.000
come as a logical consequence , be inferred	come as a logical consequence ; follow logically .	4.6
in oz we love to scoff at us politics , gun laws etc . worth remembering us population debate years ahead of ours .	obama will seek citizenship path in one fast push	0
give away something that is not needed	give up what is not strictly needed .	4.2
it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup .	i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .	0.80
i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist .	i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives..	0.00
the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another .	4.500
performance , routine	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program .	2.500
to ensure that no one would know , five fictitious bills received from the society works team kft . were presented to the tma .	to ensure that it does not know , five bills fictitious received of society works team kft . have been presented to the mri .	3
a black dog standing in front of yellow flowers .	a black dog standing in a field .	3
the men are fighting each other .	the man drew on the white paper .	0.400
what is the difference between efta and the eu ?	what is the difference between erebor and moria ?	0
a cow is eating grass .	a cow is eating hay .	3.800
calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case	calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case	2.2
the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .	the dow jones rose 41.61 points friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .	4.000
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line has programmes to de-mining and prevention for years .	4.000
the standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .	the standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .	4.714
shenzhen stock indices close higher monday	shenzhen stock indices close lower -- oct. 31	1.80
hong kong officials resume work as protests thin	hong kong student leaders mull protest retreat	2
expel or eject ( saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit ) from the mouth .	expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .	5
four civilians , three nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	three nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	3.40
sylvester stallone 's son found dead in hollywood	sylvester stalloneâ€™s son , sage stallone , found dead in hol	3.4
to achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .	it is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .	0
eu slaps sanctions on assad family	eu sanctions assad 's wife ; mortars hit homs	3.4
( cause to ) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space .	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense .	2.2
because it is still in a closed circuit	bulb a was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .	1.60
terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal .	terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	3.80
two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .	boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .	2.40
regain or make up for , as of a financial loss .	regain or make up for .	3.250
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a large black and white cow in a field .	4
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue	take up with the tongue .	3.250
a flat screen tv on the floor .	a flat-screen tv sits on the floor .	5
italian prime minister mario monti resigns	'palestinian prime minister fayyad resigns '	1.4
an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .	a man is watching tv on the foot of his bed .	0.6
a man making a bed in a hotel .	a man is holding a animal .	0.800
a man stares out a window .	a man looks out the window .	4.800
eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	eurozone unemployment at record high in june	3
it checks the electrical state between two terminals .	measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .	2.60
a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .	a computer on the floor .	4.2
a white cat laying on an office chair .	a white cat laying on a sheet .	2.4
know , realize , and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of .	4.8
time to get the government out of the bedroom .	sue them and try to get some money out of them .	0.00
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .	the vote will take place at 17h30 .	5.000
dotson was arrested monday in his native maryland and charged with murder .	dotson , 21 , was subsequently charged with dennehy 's murder .	3.200
two brown dogs are biting each other .	two brown dogs biting each other on sand .	4.20
so , i am dropping , for now , asking you the question : `` where ' s the marx `` ?	i am moving on to ask you the question : `` where ' s the beef `` ?	0.4
the nature , makeup or constitution of something	change the nature , purpose , or function of something .	1.2
a cat is playing on the floor .	a man is slicing garlic .	0.000
`` tony 's not feeling well , '' spurs coach gregg popovich said .	we 're thrilled to be up 3-2 , '' coach gregg popovich said wednesday .	1.600
yes , you should mention your experience .	yes , you should make a résumé .	2
if c is damaged , the bulb a and b ae contained in a closed path	if c is damaged , a and b are still in a closed path	4.80
the act of giving someone a job , hiring someone	the act of giving someone a job .	4.500
in some nowadays indo-european languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems .	modern englishes , and many other well-known languages , use base 10 ( ie decimal ) systems of numerals .	2.20
the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .	a man is climbing the side of a mountain .	4.20
cause to become awake or alert	cause to become awake or conscious .	5.000
the legal state of owing money	the state of owing something ( especially money ) .	4.750
the state of being retained	the state of being active .	0.8
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323/2000 )	maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )	5.000
a man is playing a guitar .	a woman is playing an electric guitar .	2.200
woman remanded over child 's death a woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats .	mother held over daughter 's death a mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats .	4.40
ukraine : three killed in parliament protests	ukraine president calls talks to end protests	1.00
a boy is playing a guitar .	a kid is playing a guitar .	3.600
unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the council .	we have the unanimity in the council and therefore a covert inability to act .	4.250
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	if a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	2.00
change the purpose or functioning of a system .	change the inherent purpose or function of something .	4.750
a white dog running on sand .	a white dog runs on the sand .	5.00
he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at england 's university of bristol .	he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at bristol university in britain .	5.000
the human act of making something new .	the speech act of making something evident .	1.26666666666667
mr president , the cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .	mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on the bureaucracy .	5.000
a woman is chopping a hard egg .	a person is cutting boiled egg into pieces .	3.533
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	this has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .	4.750
a woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	0.40
i do n't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is .	i do n't need to create problems for myself , with customers feeling they were mislead .	1.83
israel frees palestinian prisoners	israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners	4.60
complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened liberians who have been fighting on both sides .	fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened liberians on both sides .	4.000
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary , britain 's most senior civil servant , to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government .	`` i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government . ''	3.40
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .	each time , of radical technological progress leave these threats .	4.250
feel hot or painful , as if burning	feel hot or painful .	4.000
two robots share a kiss .	a male and female robot are kissing .	3.800
what are refereed and non-refereed journals ?	what are the differences between peer reviewed journals and refereed journals ?	4
if we define a clear , binding framework for the member states , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements .	if we define a clear and binding framework for the member states , the various systems to meet these demands should have a longer period of put to the test .	4.800
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .	the territory occupied by a nation ;	3.4
the bodies of former invercargill man warren campbell , 32 , and climbing companion jonathan smith , 47 , were recovered from below mt d'archiac late yesterday morning .	warren david campbell , 32 , and climbing companion jonathan smith , 47 , did not return as expected on tuesday from climbing on mt d'archiac in the mckenzie district .	2.200
it very much depends on the grant in question .	i think it depends very much on the area .	2
yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the bsd sites , with 152,054 from ntt/verio and 129,378 from infospace , the survey found .	another 152,054 are from ip services company ntt/verio , and 129,378 from infospace , the survey found .	3.000
go on a campaign or off to war	go on a campaign ; go off to war .	5.000
the man is walking .	a man is talking .	1.400
reply verbally or in written form to a question , comment , letter , or speech	react verbally .	3.667
this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession . the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession ( i.e . robbery or gambling ) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession .	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ;	2.2
deadly clashes as egypt marks anniversary	violent clashes mark anniversary of egypt uprising	4.60
two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .	two green and white trains are sitting on the train track .	5
this is a terrible idea .	this is a bad idea .	5
he will stand trial on 8 january on charges of having attended a meeting of the tunisian opposition in france , which he denies .	it happening in trial on 8 january . he is accused of having attended a meeting of tunisian opponents in france , which he denies .	5.000
a man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean .	a spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .	0.60
a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession , and then comes to possess it . although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary , the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled .	win something through one 's efforts ;	0.8
macau gambling revenue hits record $ 38 bn in 2012	macau gambling revenue hits record us $ 38b in 2012	5
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open ( a place ) to members of all races and ethnic groups .	4.6
because the voltage does not reach the bulbs .	the path is not closed	1.80
today we are starting , in march we end , in june we will make the sums .	today we are starting in march we end , in june we learn the sums .	4
it has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .	that poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .	2.500
somalia 's shebab claims responsibility for nairobi mall attack	syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in lebanon	1.2
because the bulb does not have a closed path .	the bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	3.60
it 's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing .	hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing .	2.5
in foxe basin was frozen .	foxe was mostly frozen .	4.2
china strives to avoid economic traps	insurance is key to fostering economic growth	1
terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4 .	terminals 1 and 4 are connected	5.00
most people want not only to be well off , but to become better off as time goes by .	to start , the main drivers of economic growth are resources , technology , and institutions .	0.40
a woman reads while on public transportation .	a man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .	1.60
there must be a balance as a whole .	the whole must be balanced .	4.250
salafi islamists , police clash in tunis - witnesses	second islamist hunger striker dies in a tunisian prison	0.6
return to a prior state	return to an original state .	4.4
given this situation , there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment .	in view of these realities , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential .	4.800
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .	the dogs play in the snow .	4.00
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty .	the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe .	3.2
. ( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent .	( es ) mr president , enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent .	5.000
a man is dancing outside .	a man is playing flute .	1.000
every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .	each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .	4
police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .	police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .	3.250
red double decker bus taking on passengers .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .	2.2
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back ; keep from being perceived by others .	3.8
thus , the `` program '' is the optimal plan for action that is produced .	after this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .	0
no thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian .	ergo it offends me when thatcherites call themselves libertarian .	2.4
annika sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the mcdonald 's lpga championship .	the appetizer devoured , annika sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the mcdonald 's lpga championship .	3.000
an elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .	a black man is walking next to a building in a big city .	0.00
texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .	relief is in sight for texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums .	5.000
a written message of nonacceptance	a message refusing to accept something that is offered .	5.000
tunisia	tunisia was	3.750
how can i remove a really stuck screw ?	how can i remove paint from slotted screw heads ?	1
french forces take key mali town	french forces seize key town	3.8
a man is chopping a log with an axe .	a man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe .	4.000
blizzard brings us northeast to a halt	blizzard wallops us northeast , closes roads	4.2
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility .	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility .	2.6
what is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?	what is the difference between portamento and glissando ?	0
the difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest .	it depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues .	1.80
october heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon .	october heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon .	2.500
declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	statements must be matched by action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .	5.000
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .	putin 's russia already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years .	5.000
( cause to ) smell bad .	be extremely bad in quality or in one 's performance .	0.000
the security official 's backup could n't fill in because he was on active military duty , strutt said .	the security official 's backup was on active duty , and the lottery association did n't have a replacement in new jersey , strutt said .	3.400
russian prime minister on second day of crimea visit	russia warns against setting preconditions for syria	0.80
one of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .	one of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .	4
do you even pay attention to current events ?	you 're not talking about current events .	1.60
smartphones are lifes remote control -	smartphones can now run consumers ? lives	2.4
the choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited , in most cases , to radio tubes .	the answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .	0
the computers were reportedly located in the u.s. , canada and south korea .	the pcs are scattered across the united states , canada and south korea .	4.750
micronesia vice president to visit china	vice president of bolivia to visit china	2
facility for secure storage of things , often money	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping .	4.000
is studio 54 like the '60s- if u can remember it , u were n't really there ? selling some old sparkle fr studio 54 :	studio 54 memorabilia to be sold at auction	2.6
outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old indian girl raped at school	outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school	5.00
despite this , iraq has been , for the most part , the weakness of bush .	anyway , despite all these arguments , the winning card for the democrats is george bush .	1
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	bulbs a and c are still in closed paths	5.00
`` we 've become like total strangers , '' klein quotes him as saying .	`` we 've become like total strangers , '' john told a pal two days before his death .	3.250
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	greek ship sank , without the least storm in exist , mr gayssot .	4.000
a close-up view of a horse 's head .	a close-up of a brown horse 's head .	4.2
a black dog is chasing after a red frisbee .	a black poodle is running in the snow .	1.40
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response .	that leaves the opposition and without any effective response .	4.000
the path is completed by the voltage meter	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal	1
uhhhh 10 reasons we ca n't get enough gosling yummie	why we ca n't get enough gosling ( duh ! )	3.8
a band is playing on stage .	a woman is dancing on a stage .	1.200
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	bulb c was no longer in a closed path with the battery	3.40
rogers , videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	rogers , videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal	4.80
he arts beat producer says james brown biopic is finally a go : the producers says he 's gotten the rights from th ...	artsbeat : james brown biopic finally gets go ahead	4.2
two people are riding a motorcycle .	two people are riding a bike .	2.000
us-russia reach agreement on syria	us-russia reach agreement on syria weapons	3.4
terminal 1 , terminal 2 , and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	5.00
a boy goes down an inflatable slide .	a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .	3.80
not seperated by a gap	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	2.20
some children are raising their hands and clapping .	three children are playing soccer in the sand .	0.20
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	3.00
a cat looking at the camera .	a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .	4
the man in the backpack looks to his left .	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .	3.80
eye opener : supreme court rules on arizona immigration law	u.s. supreme court issues split ruling on arizona immigration law	3.8
remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering .	2
eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	eurozone unemployment hits record high	3.4
these words refer to parts merging to form a whole . ( the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2 . ) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process , and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole .	a collection of things that have been combined ; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities	3
mr gayssot , greek ships have sunk without warning , when there were no storms in the vicinity .	vessels , without which there is the slightest , mr gayssot .	2.800
prosecutor jim hardin called the decision a victory for kathleen peterson 's family .	members of kathleen peterson 's family were not present .	1.000
john cale in paris and along the borderline . # music	q. and a. : with john cale in paris and along the borderline	4.4
greek type d visa : can i travel to other schengen countries ?	can i go to visit schengen countries with visa type d-mult ?	4
union membership falls to 97-year low , 11.3 % . people will still find ways to blame them for everything .	union membership drops despite job growth	1.6
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production .	iraq 's future is linked to oil production of the country .	5.000
customers include mitsubishi , siemens , dbtel , dell , hp , palm , philips , sharp , and sony .	mediaq 's customers include major handheld makers mitsubishi , siemens , palm , sharp , philips , dell and sony .	3.200
a man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage .	a man is playing the electric guitar .	3.200
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke	a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics .	3.4
a 32-count indictment `` strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , '' u.s. attorney marcos jimenez said .	the newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and `` strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world , '' jiménez said .	3.500
there has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now .	a budget line , programmes and of many years .	3.000
the leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .	the leaders profit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it .	4.250
we have seen many its binette allowed to grace the vinaigrette pots , sauces , biscuits and other foods , judging the process of poor taste , albeit joke at the outset .	we have seen his face on vinaigrette pots , sauces , biscuits and other foods , which tasted rather awful , albeit a joke at the outset .	3
india ink : image of the day : april 21	india ink : image of the day : may 2	2.60
cause to turn from one course or use to another	cause ( a liquid ) to leach or percolate .	0
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we often take pride here to represent the citizens of europe .	3.833
facebook was the most popular mobile app in the united states in 2012	facebook 's mobile app takes top spot	3.6
ouch , possibly ? “ : nytimes : japan ’ s business culture hovers over boeing ’ s battery choice ”	common sense : selection of the boeing 787 ? s battery maker raises questions	2
deliver the goods : attain success , reach a goal	attain success or reach a desired goal .	4
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .	teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .	4.750
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups ( here termed organizations ) with some definite structure and members . they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party .	a formal association of people with similar interests ;	2.25
art meets technology before tragedy : photog taryn simon & computer genius aaron swartz create a project , via ny times	the 6th floor blog : taryn simon and aaron swartz 's experiment with images	3
i wish i could see this , it sounds cool ! second stage adds 'nobody loves you '	artsbeat : second stage theater adds 'nobody loves you '	3.8
a man is getting inside a car .	an elderly man is getting into a red car .	3.750
question no 6 by ( h-0886/00 ) :	question 6 ( h-0886 / 00 ) :	4.400
that is not an answer .	no , it 's not an answer .	4.8
chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades .	op-ed columnist : military women and the front lines	1.75
when it gets over $ 5 a gallon , i hafta opt out ...	they did n't even have a train station ...	0.00
iran 's parliament backs nuclear deal	iran hardliners attack nuclear deal	1
nearly nine million people in 'severe debt '	britain 's debt timebomb : nine million are in 'serious debt '	4.20
court in bahrain rejects medics ' last rally appeal	bahrain rejects activists ' appeal	3.8
baby boomers getting tech savvy :	grandparents : the new techies ?	3.8
group of elderly people sitting around a table .	a group of elderly people pose around a dining table .	3.4
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation .	3.2
yeh right , they 're so on board with that !	you think they 're bluffing about that ?	1.40
the dog is running with food in his mouth .	the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .	2.20
why are russians in damascus ?	russians in damascus !	4.2
this is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions .	it is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices .	4.750
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population .	it is our duty to continue to support the latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .	5.000
have you tried asking your employees ?	have you tried asking ?	4
us can not 'conclusively determine ' chemical weapons use in syria	u.s. sees no conclusive evidence of chemical arms use by syria	4.8
children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .	children play in a pool while adults look on .	4.60
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	there is a path containing a and a different path containing b and c	4.20
the woman is styling her hair .	the woman is slicing herbs .	0.200
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something .	0.2
robots making us more competitive in manufacturing :	robot makers spread global gospel of automation	2.8
`` this has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , '' investigation board member steven wallace said .	`` this was a persistent problem which has not been solved , mechanically and physically , '' said board member steven wallace .	4.000
4 egyptian soldiers killed in sinai ambush	3 egyptian soldiers killed in sinai car bombing	3.20
bulbs a and b are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	if c burns out then a and b are still in a closed path with the battery	3.40
and of course it not ever their fault , as it 's now fox news , the righties , blaa blaa blaa .	now of course its everyones fault but their own .	3.40
interesting perspective ... nytimes : a new housing boom ? don ’ t count on it	a new housing boom ? don ? t count on it	4.2
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .	4.4
yes , there is a chemical difference .	yes , there is a reason for it .	0
two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .	but the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores .	2.400
franklin county judge-executive teresa barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the frankfort regional medical center .	a county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at frankfort regional medical center .	3.200
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security .	it presents a major threat to global security .	3.6
these objectives , the main one and the secondary ones , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the commission must be judged .	these objectives , the secondary objective and objectives , will represent the touchstone of enabling us to consider the specific proposals presented by the commission .	3.800
what 's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?	what 's the best way to store asparagus ?	1
edit so as to block the truth ; prevent distribution	subject to political , religious , or moral censorship .	2.250
a person who cleans chimneys	someone who cleans soot from chimneys .	4.250
russians leaving syria cross into lebanon	russia delivers humanitarian aid to syrian refugees in lebanon	2.2
something that serves to suggest a certain fact .	something that serves to indicate or suggest .	3.75
well , i would n't put it on my cv .	i would n't put this job on my resume .	4
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )	5.000
saturate or inocculate with a substance .	make a mark or lines on a surface .	0.2
a man is crying .	a man is screaming .	3.000
an old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .	a wooden yacht on the ocean .	3.2
what 's the best way to store asparagus ?	what 's the best way to store unused sushi rice ?	0
brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .	a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .	3.40
the sum , however , must not be paid at once , but in installments .	in 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .	1
a woman is adding oil on fishes .	the woman is cutting potatoes .	0.600
the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager . ''	ebbers ' lawyer , reid weingarten , said despite the thorough investigation , `` the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions . ''	3.500
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore .	a classroom of students watching a presentation .	0.00
you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated .	you are making this too complicated .	5
the man was pushed into the water .	a man pushes another man into the ocean .	2.500
a person is adding food in a pan .	a woman puts rice into a pan .	3.000
two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores .	a woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .	0.00
the battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	the battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	5.00
potentially explosive legal battle : catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person	3.8
`` i 'm real excited to be a cleveland cavalier , '' james said .	`` i 'm really excited about going to cleveland , '' james told espn.com .	3.667
ukrainian prime minister resigns amid protests	british prime minister condemns murder of teens	0.00
he is a dependent friend .	he may be called a moocher .	1.8270
a kangaroo is eating .	kangaroo eating .	4.750
thank you , commissioner .	thank you , mr commissioner .	5.000
gm slow on recalls , congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone	0.00
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery .	bulbs b and c are still in closed paths with the battery	4.40
france shuts mosque , arrests man in crackdown after attacks	security tightened at new delhi churches after attacks	2
a boy is riding a horse .	a monkey is riding a bus .	0.400
a young girl going down a tube slide .	a young girl swinging off a tire swing	1.80
a man is playing a harp .	a man is playing a keyboard .	1.500
aust shares up 1 % after interest rate cut	rba delivers another rate cut	1
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .	it is just that the committee on legal affairs of the refusal of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be 7 % .	3.400
pro-pak taliban warlord killed in us drone strike	taliban commander killed in us drone strike	4.4
workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for	opinionator | the great divide : the rise of the permanent temp economy	0.75
miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage	portugal-china to strengthen scientific research ties	0
we are the home of tesla motors that only the `` sean penns '' of the world can afford .	when we were young , before my husband got an easier job , he did manual labor .	0.00
the brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow .	a tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow .	3.4
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something .	0.4
there is , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it , but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this , partly because the council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes .	there is , of course , a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four , with its approach , but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem , particularly because the council does not wish to participate enough food for thought .	4.400
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something .	0.6
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i l ' have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive .	4.750
a small baby is playing a guitar .	a boy sits on a bed , sings and plays a guitar .	2.000
what the papers say , aug. 19 , 2013	what the papers say , dec. 30 , 2013	2.67
vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .	if a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .	1
the algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .	a possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .	1
gillespie sent a letter to cbs president leslie moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer .	republican national committee chairman ed gillespie issued a letter friday to cbs television president leslie moonves .	3.600
i hope everything is ok !	i hope everything is okay .	5
bangladesh opposition leader sentenced to death for war crimes	bangladesh : fugitive sentenced to death by war crimes tribunal	3.6
a woman is hitting a man .	a man is holding a slow loris .	0.000
a woman fires a shotgun .	a woman is shooting a gun .	3.200
a man is riding a bike .	a man is riding on a horse .	2.000
4 killed in us drone strike in pakistan	u.s. drone strike kills 3 in pakistan	3
snowden asks to stay in russia	snowden releases first russia video	1.4
the act of creating written works .	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity .	0.2
someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .	someone is chopping some cabbage leaves .	4.500
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports .	the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports .	2.2
shares in ba were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 gmt , off a low of 164p , in a slightly stronger overall london market .	shares in ba were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 gmt , off a low of 164 pence , in a stronger market .	2.400
travel ; make a tour of a place	make a tour of a certain place .	5.000
so , can we just pass the era now ? pentagon is set to lift combat ban for women	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat	4
the rhino grazed on the grass .	a rhino is grazing in a field .	4.000
i have the same thing .	i have the same situation and have traveled extensively .	2
nato : 2 international troops killed in afghanistan	three nato troops killed in one day in afghanistan	2.2
mandela back in hospital in ‚äėserious but stable‚äô condition	nelson mandela returns to hospital in ‚äėserious but stable‚äô condition	5.00
the new version , w32/sobig.c-mm , had already reached a `` high level '' outbreak status by monday , according to security analysts .	security analysts said the new version , w32/sobig.c-mm , had already reached a `` high level '' outbreak status by mid-afternoon on monday .	4.500
a man is playing guitar .	a man is draining pasta .	0.400
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time .	spend time in prison or in a labor camp ;	2
a jury convicted rapper c-murder , also known as corey miller , of second-degree murder tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a jefferson parish nightclub .	rapper c-murder has been convicted of second-degree murder , a crime that carries an automatic life sentence , in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a jefferson parish nightclub .	3.600
a white plane on the runway .	a white airplane is on a runway .	4.8
bayes ’ theorem was names after rev thomas bayes and is a method used in probability theory .	as an official theorem , bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .	3
characteristic call of an animal	the characteristic utterance of an animal .	4.500
recession is when a neighbor loses his job .	depression is when you lose yours .	1.20
a woman is cooking broccoli .	a man is eating his food .	0.500
two horses standing in a pen .	a group of horses grazing in a field .	1.6
a woman is swimming .	a man is spitting .	0.000
the european union has got to do something and do it quickly .	it suits that the european union implies itself and that she do it quickly .	4.250
you are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised .	i would say it 's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue .	3.80
bad tweet ( news ) of the day '' : for rape victims in india , police r often part of problem reports ``	for rape victims in india , police are often part of the problem	4.8
u.s. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the syrian border and are now interrogating them .	the third armored cavalry regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the syrian border , officials said .	3.500
here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year .	i understand that the first 3 days are the most important , so much so it is vital you do it then .	0.40
singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	singapore stocks end down 0.45 %	1.60
feel good morning read ! : ) note on a napkin , 'this meal is on us ' -	note on napkin : 'this meal is on us '	3.8
trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .	trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .	4.800
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?	their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned ?	3.000
still , the `` somewhat ambiguous ruling '' might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product , merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said .	but merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said the `` somewhat ambiguous ruling '' by regulators might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product .	5.000
a red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .	a man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .	0.00
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	2.40
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case .	decide with authority ;	2.8
hong kong takes the internet speed title with 54.1 mbps .	hong kong takes internet speed title	3.8
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls .	a black and white photo of cattle at a trough .	3.2
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target .	having little impact ;	0.2
living room or den with large screen television .	living room with tan furniture and flat screen television .	3.2
no damage , tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off indonesia 's sumatra	5.9 quake hits indonesia s sumatra : usgs	1.6
would a colombian citizen with canadian residency need a transit visa for the uk ?	will i need a transit visa or esta for the us as a canadian ?	1
a man walks down a path .	a man walks across a tight rope .	0.800
shares of usa interactive rose $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on friday in nasdaq stock market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year .	shares of lendingtree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the nasdaq stock market yesterday .	1.000
u.s. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected taliban militants after coming under fire in southern afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .	u.s. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected taliban militants in southern afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said sunday .	4.000
malaysia 's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power	malaysia 's ruling coalition wins majority	3.8
a small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree .	a small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree .	3.8
no blocks to investment	india allows pakistan investment	2
a man is meditating .	the man is riding the horse .	0.750
dprk leader calls for better ties with s.korea	north korea urges foreigners to leave south korea	0.40
in a statement distributed friday , 28 chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .	in a statement distributed today , 28 chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .	4.200
a woman is doing ballet .	a woman is riding on a horse .	1.000
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the eu as a whole basically depend - and denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of european policy .	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the eu as a whole dependent – the example of denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for european policy .	5.000
but the illhousiens goal scorer was not able to enjoy his happiness long and was be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving his team mates with one man less .	but the buteur illhousiens will not be able to enjoy his happiness long and will be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving its coéquipiers in digital inferiority .	3
two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs .	a dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog .	2.6
kl shares higher at mid-afternoon	kl shares lower at mid-morning	1.6
travel on foot .	cross on foot .	4.750
nirvana is very different than oblivion .	nirvana is not oblivion .	3.6
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something .	0.6
a woman is playing an electric guitar .	a man is playing an acoustic guitar .	2.400
lugar and nunn are senators .	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal .	1.8
australia to establish the world 's largest marine reserve	australia creates world 's largest marine reserves	4.4
take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force .	5
when a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	each dimension corresponds to a separate term .	3
under mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .	bounty hunting is illegal in mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .	4.000
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	chuck close we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	3.6
a bull standing in the field .	a brown horse stands in a lush green field .	1.4
what can i do to fix store-bought mayonnaise that split ?	how do i make mayonnaise split ?	4
i 'm regretful that it has to come to this for some .	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule	0
http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_delhi # early_history shows that the city was called delhi ( or dilli ) at least since the 12/13th century .	i am not exactly sure but i remember the media ( in india ) addressing delhi as `` hasthina '' .	1.20
if the government provides health care , whether spelled out in this bill or not , it will ration the care .	and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens , at least for a while .	1.00
gov . linda lingle and members of her staff were at the navy base and watched the launch .	gov . linda lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch .	3.500
a woman is adding ingredients to a bowl .	a woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl .	1.750
the uk population is just over million .	the japanese population is nearly million .	1
some of what you can do :	not much you can do besides :	1
google search for travel wods has whole lots of results which you can use .	as @ sarge says , this is for a doctor to diagnose properly .	0.40
mr hadley , who has a new partner and child , said : `` i am absolutely delighted .	in a statement issued by his solicitors , mr hadley said : `` i am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings .	3.400
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	5.00
when we are faced with a potential risk , it is important to apply the precautionary principle .	when we are confronted with a potential risk , it is important to implement the precautionary principle .	5.000
the puppy tried to get out of the tub .	a puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .	4.400
the tea party did n't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics .	in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion .	1.60
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	3.80
the other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection .	the other point of view , illustrated by the comments by the rapporteur and a number of colleagues , is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct for dialogue , between a good supply of guaranteeing the provision of a good practices and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices and a series of risks and customers .	4.000
( cause to ) relax , be at ease , assume a friendly manner	disentangle and raise the fibers of .	0.4
an agent occupies a role in some institution . this roleis ( usually ) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time . it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned .	do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function ;	1.4
ukrainian prime minister azarov and entire government resign	ukrainian officials barred from canada as protests continue	1.2
sign of the # apocalypse : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . ?	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged	3.6
funeral direction	the trade of a funeral director .	3.000
yeah but you can not just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences .	a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too .	2.40
u.s. single-malt # whiskey has arrived	american single-malt whiskeys serve notice	3.2
search after man swept into sea	lara plans visit to nepal	0.2
former nazi death camp guard demjanjuk dead at 91	john demjanjuk , convicted nazi death camp guard , dies aged 91	4.6
pat or squeeze , especially under the chin .	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin .	4.8
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment .	van der merwe suspended geiges ' sentence to 5 years imprisonment .	2.6
i have years of `` neener neener '' rights usually i get pretty decent care .	i have years of `` neener neener '' rights they are crack ups .	3.4
a woman equestrian riding a horse .	the woman is riding on the brown horse .	3.8
most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the philippines	23 missing as typhoon utor hits philippines	2.2
syria regime agrees to attend peace conference	syria , opposition agree 'in principle ' to attend peace conference	3
blue couch and twin bed in a living room .	a leather couch and wooden table in a living room .	2.2
advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court .	4.8
this is no time for the faint-hearted .	this is not the time to be hesitant .	4.375
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea .	above all , when a business or a society with fewer than 250 a project , it must be possible for a means not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea .	3.200
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs .	4.500
utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way .	1.4
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the interdepartmental group attached to the commission secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied , when considered by the college of commissioners and on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) , by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact .	thus , it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretary-general of the commission , so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied , during their examination by the college on the basis of article 299 ( 2 ) of a fiche d'impact detailed .	4.000
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted	give something useful or necessary to .	2.250
go after with the intent to follow or catch .	go after with the intent to catch .	4.6
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city .	a group of people are riding in the back of a truck .	1.00
the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet .	a brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .	0.80
to play golf , the first thing you need is a set of clubs .	having fairly recently taken up the sport myself , i feel your discomfort .	1.20
china 's new pm rejects us hacking claims	china premier li rejects 'groundless ' us hacking accusations	5
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government .	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the turkish government .	4.500
zabol is a town in southeastern iran .	khoramabad is a city in western iran .	1.2
a man is playing a piano .	a man is playing a guitar .	1.778
a man dives off of a cliff .	a man is riding a motorcycle .	0.667
board chancellor robert bennett declined to comment on personnel matters tuesday , as did mills .	mr. mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .	3.000
the dow jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since december .	the dow jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since december . ''	3.600
a feeling or state of contentment , relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain .	4
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .	today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed .	4.750
cyclone formation is not expected during the next hours .	tropical cyclone formation is not expected .	3.4
new york times top public relations exec to depart	times communications executive is leaving	3.8
what is the significance of the cat ?	what is the significance of the abstract painting ?	2
a kangroo is eating something .	a kangaroo is eating .	4.800
a man and woman are posing for the camera .	a cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera .	1.4
a black and white dog swimming in the pool	a black and white dog running with something in his mouth .	2.00
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue	a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink .	4.2
a man pours oil on some tomatos .	the man poured oil on the cut tomatoes .	3.800
to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something .	2.6
come up , as of liquid or gas	come up , as of a liquid .	3.6
china 's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .	3.2
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour .	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable .	3.6
a man is buttering a piece of bread .	a slow loris hanging on a cord .	0.000
the positive battery was not connected to terminal one .	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	4.20
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir .	jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing 's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq .	3
an agent or company that insures something	an energetic attempt to achieve something .	0
south korean workers start leaving joint factory zone	south korean workers set to leave joint factory zone	3.8
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	iran , world powers agree nuclear deal	4
there is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room .	a room with tan walls and a washer and dryer .	1.4
a car is moving through a road .	a car is driving down the road .	4.000
the man cut some carpet with a knife .	a man is cutting carpet with a knife .	4.750
russian air force celebrates 100th anniversary	russian air force 's 100th anniversary	4.4
n korea postpones family reunions	north korea postpones war-torn family unions	3.8
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something .	4.4
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something .	1
black and white cow standing in grassy field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	3.8
an english-themed furniture set .	a large steam locomotive pulling a passenger train through the countryside .	0.5730
a horse rider is riding a white horse .	a woman leading a white horse .	3.4
`` if that ai n't a democrat , i must be at the wrong meeting , '' he said .	and if that ai n't a democrat , then i must be in the wrong meeting , '' he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .	3.400
propagation of waves back from a surface	the phenomenon of a propagating wave ( light or sound ) being thrown back from a surface .	4.000
as i already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .	as i have already said in the second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive .	4.750
venezuela 's hugo chavez dies of cancer	venezuelan president hugo chavez dies of cancer at 58	3.8
a step in the right direction , for which the european parliament has been striving for a long time now , is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation .	the creation of a provisional unit of legal cooperation constitutes a step in the right direction , not to which the european parliament aspires for a long time already .	4.000
try switching to rats ; weanling rats if you need something smaller .	as mentioned in previous answers , rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice .	3.40
i should like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , mr brok , for his clear , comprehensive report .	i would like to thank the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , mr brok , for his clear and comprehensive report .	4.250
syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	syrian forces , rebels clash near turkey	0.8
three boys are dancing .	kids are dancing .	3.111
my gosh , i 'm the one with the pregnancy ticker .	i have the pregnancy ticker .	4.2
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of choosing or selecting .	0.4
does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days ?	does anyone know if this is possible ? ?	2.00
a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .	4.40
a white dog running in the snow	the dogs are running in the snow .	3.20
a brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .	a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .	2.60
amendment no 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .	amendment no 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references .	5.000
a man is doing exercise .	a man is firing a rifle .	0.500
restrict or confine	place limits on ( extent or access ) .	4.750
pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them .	i live in delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers .	0.60
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore .	a group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .	0.80
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . ''	only one month before , muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile ' .	4.500
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam .	however , a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within islam .	5.000
easy rider star karen black dies aged 74	easy rider actress karen black dies of cancer	4.20
group of people defined by a specific profession	organization of performers and associated personnel ( especially theatrical ) .	3.500
micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years .	micron 's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the dram manufacturer .	3.750
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform .	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government .	3.4
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .	every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation .	4.750
seperate paths connected to the battery	if bulb a burns out , b and c are no longer in a closed path with the battery	2.00
if bulb a burns out then bulbs b and c will no longer be in a closed path .	if bulb a burns out , neither b nor c is in a closed path	5.00
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since ... well ,	[ quote=trajan ; 4550118 ] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since ... well ,	5.00
a girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .	a girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .	4.80
car bomb kills 37 in northwest pakistan	bomb kills three in northwest pakistan	2.60
this is not your country .	this is our country .	1.4
thousands protest gay marriage	thousands protest gay marriage in france	3.2
zimmerman replied , `` what are you doing here ? ''	martin said , `` why are you following me ? ''	0.9
death is bad enough :	your money : a shocking death , a financial lesson and help for others	0.2
there is one airline , spirit airlines , which is trying to copy ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service .	there are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares .	1.80
how do i stop my dog from jumping on me ?	how do i stop my dog from barking when i bring him outside ?	2
police fire teargas on venezuelan vote protesters	chavez heir maduro wins venezuela 's presidency	0.60
two dogs fighting in the snow .	two dogs standing in the snow .	2.40
they are not as sovereign as they were before .	to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .	4.4
neither was there a qualified majority within this house to revert to article 272 .	there was not majority qualified within this parliament to bring back to the article 272 either .	4.500
why do you need to peel peaches to can them ?	how to peel peaches ?	1
because the path was closed	bulb a is still contained in a closed path with the battery .	1.40
there 's a geek answer to this , and a practical answer to this .	it 's pretty ridiculous that i 've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times .	0.00
so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .	furthermore i found this : so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .	4.6
egyptian court considers mubarak ’ s release	egypt court orders release of mubarak	3.4
three dogs are playing in the water .	three dogs swim in the water .	4.20
the boy played his trumpet .	a boy is playing the trumpet .	4.400
fill , attach , fix with , or as if with gum	cover , fill , fix or smear with or as if with gum .	4.2
an injury to the skin caused by radiation , heat or chemicals	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation .	4.750
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication .	4.6
factory fires kill at least 260 in pakistan	at least six dead in pakistan gunfight	0.8
at least 18 killed in iraq mosque bombing	more than 60 killed at iraq funeral	0
my pbk membership , finally explained . parents ? financial support may not help college grades :	parents ? financial support linked to college grades	2.8
three women with brown hair are smiling .	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling .	2.8
improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .	4.500
i had the same problem as you .	i had the same issue .	4
the vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .	the vector space model has some limitations : 1 .	5
be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning .	be a sign or indication of .	4.000
apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance .	the wider your aperture , the smaller your focal depth will be .	2.60
un chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in guinea	un chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in mali	1
a man with a hard hat is dancing .	a man wearing a hard hat is dancing .	5.000
the act of providing assistance , giving aid	the act of administering medication .	1.8
poverty stats doubt modi 's development claims	gm to start taking recall compensation claims aug 1	0.00
the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something .	1.8
source say at least 150 `` : at least 90 killed in brazilian nightclub fire , officials say. ``	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire	3.6
twin bombings in pakistan kill at least 40	now , militants battle pakistani police	1.2
later , the other two houses no longer does not rejoignèrent .	later , the other two houses fell at odds as well .	2
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense .	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness .	4.4
a man is running on the road .	a car is driving down the road .	1.000
online prodigy aaron swartz commits suicide god why ?	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide	4.2
the cat is drinking milk .	a cat is licking from a saucer of milk .	4.400
nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash	1.6
hurricane-flooded cars ruined by sandy lure unwitting buyers	hurricane-flooded cars lure unwitting buyers	4.4
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is cleaning a cd .	0.833
the deal has been in process for several years .	the iaea has been investigating iran 's nuclear activities for 4 years .	0.6
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions .	it must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which , in turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level .	4.600
someone is sitring noodles in water .	a woman is boiling noodles in water .	3.200
an old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .	an old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier .	2.8
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing .	0.8
he gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the united steelworkers of america , who announced their endorsement yesterday .	on tuesday , he picked up the endorsement of the united steelworkers of america .	2.250
a figure is located relative to a ground location . the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location ( generally , the deictic center ) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location ( generally , the deictic center ) .	be adjacent or come together ;	0.4
which reward / benefits credit card is the best value for the money in canada ?	which reward/benefits card is the best value for money in australia ?	3
os angeles - ''the hulk '' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a june opening record of $ 62.6 million .	`` the hulk '' took in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new june record .	4.800
china army newspaper hits out at us 's prism programme	china army newspaper slams us 's prism program	5
throw quickly , flick	throw quickly .	4.000
republican senator charles percy 's secretary took an interest in me .	@ dlowan , `` for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse : 'may you live in interesting times ! '	0.00
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate ; be bossy towards someone .	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate .	4.4
a man is cycling .	a man is talking .	0.600
physically attach to something .	fix to ; attach .	4.250
9 killed , 168 injured in latest cairo clashes	10 killed , 12 injured in e. afghan airport suicide blast	1.2
us authorities charge man in ricin probe	south african police arrest 50 in farm protest	0
a man plays an acoustic guitar .	a woman and dog are walking together .	0.000
roadside bomb kills 10 afghan civilians : police	roadside bomb kills 5 afghan policemen	2.6
the nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .	2.000
the council of europe , along with the court of human rights , has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision , and we can build on these .	as the court of human rights , the council of europe has also a solid experience regarding such forms of control ; we can take to basis .	4.200
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone .	1.8
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose .	4.5
the path it was on	there is a path containing both z and c	2.40
us stocks fall as greek talks lumber ; apple falls	us stocks slip on wall street as greek talks drag on	3.2
the peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .	however , the key in dynamic programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .	1
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	without doubt , was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and , in this case , the american proposal was a proposal to the rebate , totally unacceptable for europe .	4.800
looking to buy the latest harry potter ?	harry potter 's latest wizard trick ?	1.900
canadian muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing '	us , canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings	3.4
a room with several computers and pictures on the wall .	a home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk .	2.8
airtran officials and a boeing official declined to comment yesterday .	trish york , a spokeswoman for boeing , declined to comment on the deal .	4.000
hunt for hawks	hunt with hawks .	3.500
are all on separate paths	a and c are in different paths	3.60
can he really make mone from google ad sense .	who makes money off google ad sense ?	3.2
van orden report ( a5-0241/2000 )	van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )	5.000
the work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .	in the end , read the mangas , that is what i prefer already for years .	0
the house had also fought , however , for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument , a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement .	this house but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility , as defined in a statement on the financial perspective .	4.200
a black and white photo of a cat lying down .	a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .	4.2
double jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification .	as far as legality goes i can use jury nullification .	2.2
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	b and c are in the same path with the battery	2.80
tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .	tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said investigators are considering the scenario .	4.250
18 trapped in russian coal mine blast	ten killed in russia coal mine blast	2.8
singapore shares open 0.83 % higher on wednesday	singapore shares open 0.06 % lower on tuesday	1
the red x means that the circuit is not safe .	there is a short circuit	1.80
they later fell out and have backed a series of rival congolese militias in recent years .	the two invading countries later fell out , and have since backed rival factions .	3.500
coating used as a repellant to moisture	a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture .	4.250
since you 're being kind of vague here , i can only give you a vague answer .	in general , warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights .	0.00
sink to a lower level ; descend	sink to a lower level or form a depression .	3
turn on an axis ; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center .	3.6
malawi officially confirms president 's death	malawi confirms president mutharika 's death	3.6
let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .	i would remind you that our allies , devotees of this tax .	4.750
the state of being suspected .	the state of being excluded .	0.6
a bird flies across the water .	a bird flies above the water .	4.80
australian among four on plane missing in indonesia	iranian painter mansoureh hosseini dies	0
a woman is riding a horse .	a man rides a horse .	2.800
syrian forces move to retake aleppo	syrian regime bids to retake city of aleppo	4.4
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	the damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	1.20
paul newman was one of them. ``	paul newman the magnificent	1
as there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	it is necessary to know today , since we are always in uncertainty , which are the scientific data , which are the measures to be taken .	4.500
because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	3.00
jury nullification means a law is n't constitutional ?	no . jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .	2
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something .	2.4
but u.s. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .	but american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .	4.750
french election turnout higher than expected	french presidential election : first round - live updates	1
two indian women with two indian girls near the water .	two indian woman stand with two indian girls on a beach .	4
iran earthquake death toll rises	algeria hostage death toll rises	0.6
the international development secretary , hilary benn , the former health secretary alan milburn , and the leader of the commons , jack straw , are all at 25/1 .	the foreign secretary , margaret beckett , is at 40/1 , while the defence secretary , des browne , and the welsh and northern ireland secretary , peter hain are 50/1 .	2.60
we often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of europe .	we we pride often here of representing the european citizens .	4.250
`` i know of no pressure , '' said mr. feith , the under secretary of defense for policy .	`` i know of nobody who pressured anybody , '' douglas feith , undersecretary of defense for policy , said at a pentagon briefing .	3.800
obama , hollande hail transformed us-french relationship	hollande arrives for us state visit	1
it increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .	has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries .	4.750
his step-daughter left for plymouth .	its beautiful daughter out plymouth .	2
the anti-semites and nazis , we 're already familiar with .	the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit , we 're already familiar with .	1.80
a group of four children dancing in a backyard .	a group of children do stretches on colored mats .	1.60
freight train derails , catches fire in columbus , ohio	freight train derailment , explosion prompts evacuation	2.8
a blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .	a little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .	0.00
`` this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , '' said the foreman , jim wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .	jim wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , said , `` this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . ''	4.200
provide a seat or base for	show to a seat ; assign a seat for .	3.5
brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road .	a brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind .	3.6
sorry , you just do n't .	sorry for your loss , this could be handy .	1.40
u.s. files espionage charges agains nsa leaker	us files espionage charges against snowden over leaks	3.8
make a crushing noise , possibly as the result of pressing or grinding .	have a range ; be capable of projecting over a certain distance , as of a gun .	0.2
can you do this ?	so , can you do this ?	5
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee , expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is .	come to believe on the basis of emotion , intuitions , or indefinite grounds ;	0.4
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	the large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .	3.60
romney leads rivals , not obama , in fundraising	romney : i left all management of bain in 1999	0.8
three cows grazing in a field .	two cows graze in a field .	2.6
without doubt , it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that , in this instance , the american proposal was a third-rate proposal , and one which was completely unacceptable to europe .	without doubt , worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and , in this case , the american proposal was a watered-down proposal , unacceptable for europe .	4.750
the dining room table gets some afternoon sun .	dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates .	2.2
pictures of the day : pakistan , syria , indonesia , germany , phillipines and mali .	pictures of the day : pakistan and elsewhere	3.2
claims about trayvon 's character and when did i do that ?	slanted blogs and when did i do that ?	2.6
msn messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. gmt on wednesday from http : //messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp .	the msn messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. pst on wednesday , according to microsoft .	3.250
and they never wondr why ! ! u.s gets it wrong on egypt again -	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again	4.4
hopefully not together `` : richard pryor & dick cheney focus of showtime documentaries ``	richard pryor and dick cheney focus of showtime documentaries	4.6
